I recently got introduced to Shu Uemura products. I have to admit, a great range of products for (colored) hair. I can absolutely recommend you to use the Essence Absolue nourishing oil-in-cream, it’s the best against dry (very dry) hair!
A overwelming amount of requests about the lipstick I was wearing in Gran Canaria (see my Instagram photos). So upon request, the revelation of my red lipstick: Chanel Rouge Allure nr. 104 Passion. Now tell me, what is your favourite lipstick? I am looking for more colours for this summer…
Let me be honest with you, I am pretty good with doing my own nails, but these days I simply don’t have the time, nor the peace to do it. All the ‘free’ time I have, meaning when James sleeps or is out on a play-date, I work. When Thomas comes home, I want to enjoy dinner and a movie. Doing my nails simply doesn’t get my priority anymore. Weird fact, as being a person who finds it really important how someones (and my own) hands look.
So in good spirits, and with the best intentions to save manicure cost, I bought two new colors from Essie for spring: Sand Tropez, which is a sand-tone, without any glitter in it (I don’t really like that), and Blanc, which is as simple as white can be. As a top coat I use No ships ahead, otherwise my freshly done nails look ruined after a day or two. Oh and of course I use a base coat! Don’t forget to do this, if you don’t, your nails won’t be happy with you after a while…
Upon request: A little sneak peek into my morning face rituals. Here it is… Nothing more, nothing less.
Clarins Multi-Active Day creme for all skin types
Clarins Eye Contour Gel
Fruit
Okay, I don’t literally put fruit on my face even morning, but I make sure I eat enough of it. Plus, very cliché, litres of water, and as much sleep as I can get. Although that last ingredient I am lacking these days, but this is where Clarins’ eye contour gel comes in. Perfect against puffy eyes and dark circles.
Two colors that were still missing in my Chanel make-up collection: Rouge Allure Passion (104) and Black Satin (219). Very happy I can go all the way classic or cool with these new candy-treats! Thanks for this sweet belated birthday gift Cammy.
I hate my hair very often; right after I’ve been to the hairdresser, took a shower, brushed it, dryed it, or even just after doing high-lights. Sounds very dramatic, but fact of the matter is that my hair being perfect good is a sporadic thing. BUT I’ve recently found something that makes the pain go away a little, or at least the flatness of my hair after all the above actions: DUST IT from OSIS+ by Schwarzkopf. And this is not an advertorial, I just really want to help out those who deal with the same issues every day! So what does it do? It’s basically a white powder (sounds dangerous) which you sprinkle over your hair. It makes it less shiny though, but it gives your hair lots of texture, hence lots of volume, which means BIG HAIR. Anyway, I love it, and I just thought it would be nice to share my must-have with you!
Since I received quite some emails about the lipsticks I am using recently, I thought it wouldn’t be a bad idea to just dedicate one post to it. Well, here it comes…
Today I had one of the best hairdresser experiences ever, and I am not exaggerating!!
Finding a new hairdresser when you move to another city can be quite a hassle, but this time, my gut feeling was right: Percy & Reed it had to be. After one and a half hour, with all care and patience, Louise had put in my highlights. Different shades to make it look blonder, yet natural. She brought me a sparkling water and some magazines, and just 30 minutes later I got a great head massage while washing out my hair. Just what I needed… Everything was done professional, and super friendly. Then the big moment, cutting off my long long hair. Like 15 cm in total. Oh boy, my hair feels light and thicker. I am so happy! What do you think?
This morning I finally met my new Chanel friend: Blue Satin. A gift from one of my girlfriends from London (see more about it HERE). It’s as you can see a very dark blue color, which reminds of the darkest color of Chanel’s Denim line, but then with a slight sparkle over it… What do you think?

Hello and thanks for visiting my blog. I’m Charlotte, originally from The Netherlands but just moved to New York after four years London. It was only after working with several fashion blogs in my former job that I realized I wanted to start my own. Obviously there were many amazing ones out there, but I wasn’t always convinced by the quality and the “real-factor”. I myself loved the personal style blogs – which gave me a true feeling about the person – the most. Not much later I jumped into the deep and   launched Thefashionguitar.com. There is no exciting story about the name. It was literally that Thomas – my husband – and I were brainstorming for names and while doing this he noticed our electric guitar standing in the living room. “Why wouldn’t I do something with that” he said, and I did. And even though there is no fancy story behind the name of my blog, I still feel good about it. It’s my brand name and we became one.
Over the past four years my blog became my full-time job. From the start I spent every available second on it. This became a bit tougher when I had my little boy James back in January 2012. Suddenly I was a mother and had my own business. I quickly learned that I had to become a master in planning in order to make this work. Thomas has always been very supportive, which gave me the space and freedom to keep doing what I love. I believe it makes me the best mom I can be.
In October 2013 our little girl Stella was born. Another nine months of fashion inspiration passed. This made that my blog became a frequently visited place for mothers-to-be as well. Tons of questions and style advice followed. Then my speedy marriage came, and we moved to New York. This resulted in many request to help you find your perfect dress, wedding shoes to dance the night away, and even my attendance on bachelor parties was requested. Suddenly I realized that my blog not only became part of me, but that I also became of the life of many amazing women. This feels beautiful and I’m more than thankful for your loyalty over the years.
We are currently based in New York, and we are living and loving every second of it. Business-wise this is the best place for me to be. Being a blogger – or influencer as they call it here – is a very interesting and fast developing business. This comes with great opportunities. I have the chance to work with my favorite brands, designers, and expand my business. However, what started as a thing on the side and turned into a real job doesn’t make that I’ve changed my believes and blog-ethics. Most important is still that what you see is real, that it is me. And it is. Collaborating with brands is how I pay for my bills and designers shoes, but I will never do it only for the money – no matter how badly I want those Celine shoes! If there is no connection between me and a brand, there is no way we can work together. Only this way I can stay true to myself, and bring you true inspiration every day.
Having your own business comes with self-motivation, every day. Thanks to my amazing readers – yes you – I never had problems with this. Going forward, if there is anything you would like to see on my blog in the future, make sure to tell me. Or, if you wish to discuss a collaboration, just email me at charlotte@thefashionguitar.com
Thanks again for reading my blog, and I hope we will maintain our relationship in the future!

What a dream to walk into the fitting of a Valentino show, and walk out of it in a beyond beautiful Valentino AW16 dress. I think I will never get used to that feeling. And I never want to. It’s a dream coming true over and over. A little stress I had before the show though, because as you can see, the dress is pretty much completely see through. Not a problem really, apart from the fact you need the perfect underwear to wear under it. I found a great body, but not “perfect”. I was not 100% happy with how the top part looks as you can see it pretty clear under the dress – and when you see the runway photos, you see there’s nothing really visible worn underneath… But as much as I would have rather had it that way, there won’t be any freeing of the nipples from my end! Not this season at least…

Thomas would totally crack up if he would know how this jacket is called. He would say the jacket is called after me, and found his rightful owner once it came of the runway. I would laugh about it, and people who know me well would know what he means…
The thing is, I like structure, I like routines, and I like things to be done my way… or at least as much as possible. Obviously in a relationship, that’s not the way to do it. You won’t “be together forever” if it’s a one way thing. So I’ve learned to make compromises. Yet, I admit, it’s still not my strong suit. Then, when you have kids, well throw all these “I like it my way” thoughts out of the window, because kids – even babies – tend to make sure it goes their way. So I made even more compromises. I’ve learned, and mastered it. Daily routines, though, are something I won’t give in on. Not only for myself, but also because I believe that’s what keeps kids sane and your relationship healthy. Everyone knows – no matter what age – someway or the other, what they can expect. And that makes that no-one has expectations that won’t be met. I love to avoid disappointment, and make people happy. 1 + 1 = 2!
Needless to say, in a house-hold with kids, lots of traveling, and plenty of things coming in at the very last minute, it’s not always going the way I envisioned, and routines do get messed up. But that’s not always a bad thing. It keeps me from turning into a total control freak, and turning into the one person Thomas calls me joking: The Admiral… Yes, this jacket is called “the Admiral peacoat”. A jacket totally up my street, some days…
It has been really fun to start experimenting with new silhouettes and try out different things stylistically. For the last decade, I’ve been wearing a uniform of sorts, and it almost always boiled down to a t-shirt with an A-line skirt and ankle boots.

But over the past year, my body has completely changed. (These photos were taken just over a year ago, for contrast.) My breast augmentation has played a big role in that, but it’s also been over a year now since I stopped eating sugar. My workouts are totally different too: I use my whole body and I think about fitness in a whole new way. (Thanks, genius boyfriend.) So that has led to me trying new looks, and let me tell you, it made getting dressed up this summer so much more enjoyable!

I’ve been investigating more form-fitting styles (hand me that bandage skirt!), rocking a pair of black denim cut-offs on the regular, and even wearing booty shorts to the gym! WHAT?! This time last year, I would have shrivelled up and died at the mere thought.
But the thing I’m discovering is that we can only smash our fears when we face them. When you wear booty shorts in public and no one dies, you realise it’s not a big deal after all. The only “big deal” is in your head. And that, my friend, you have the power to change.

This is pretty much how I look if on a regular work-day. ALWAYS wearing denim shorts – I could dedicated a book to them – a small heel, if it’s not a pair of Converse, and a statement top. Usually a summer-sweater, because with a functioning airconditioning, my home-office is nice and crisp, but this was definitely NOT the sweater I was wearing when my airconditioning was NOT running! Which is kind of the story of the past weeks, and I’m sorry for bothering you with it, but truly, the heat almost drove me CRAZY! I seriously showered twice per day at least, got itchy heat-rashes all over my body, and almost couldn’t smile anymore… It was really really bad, and I was amazing by the intense crappy service we got from multiple companies, who were there to help, but in the end had us waiting for over three weeks. IN THE MIDDLE OF A VERY HOT SUMMER… All the rage… but the problem is solved since yesterday, and these photos were taken before we had trouble wit the AC. When I could still smile, big! And when a sweater was just perfect for a day behind my laptop…
Anyway, with the AC is fixed now – FINALLY, and sorry I just had to get it out of my system by troubling you with it – so I can have some fun in the sun again, with this Chloe off-the-shoulder sweater, which you probably have seen coming by last week, but it did not get enough credit there, and since everyone said something about the sweater, I thought the least I could do is to credit it in a dedicated outfit post. Thus, here we go, on a piping hot afternoon, just before sunset… Me and my Chloe off-the-shoulder sweater. Amore!

Without having found out exactly why, I feel extremely pulled towards 1960s/1970s street style photography lately. Maybe it’s the influence of this era that we are seeing in so many of the current collections – Gucci for example – or the fact that I’m living with someone who loves searching the internet looking for our next investment – I realize buying art and photography sounds a bit pretentious, but you have to start somewhere, and we are obviously starting small – but in any case I’m loving it. And it’s not only the fashion that mark this time-frame what makes me obsessively hover on Pinterest, but the type of films that were used – which brings those magical colorings in the photos – and the way photographers worked with natural light, and the roughness of the cities back then – the contrast of the beauty in those places – is what I’m intrigued by.
Nowadays we have photoshop, and lightroom, and VSCO, that can bring you a great deal closer the look and feel of those retro photos, but nothing beats the artistic value of those old photographs. It’s the real deal. So, until I find more time to shoot with old films in an analog camera, I’m happily editing myself “back in time”. Like I did with today’s look, where I’m wearing one of my favorite skirts in my wardrobe right now: the one from Gucci for Net-a-Porter. I think with the loafers, the simple t-shirt, and the round sunglasses, the whole look is very 70s, yet the “Hello Kitty” appearance makes sure we don’t go back to far in time…

I present to you: My absolute/ultimate/total relax outfit… Nothing better than loose-cut denim – preferably as a one-piece – an oversized shirt, and a pair of slippers. Totally ready to cruise through the day. Although, this outfit is way to warm right now. Cause no matter where I go, New York or Toronto, it’s BLOODY HOT out there. So I’m mostly spending my time indoors, oh wait, no, our air-condition is broken, so even for indoor-life this outfit is too warm. Don’t worry, we are not a naked-house, we wear decent outfits, move slowly, and embrace every single breeze we can get through the front-door… So, going back to cruisin’, best thing to do when your AC is broken?
Drive around, windows down, and face out like a dog on his happiest day! Thus, here I am, ready for another drive around town, with my Chanel Cruise 2016 bag, which is perhaps the coolest bag on earth. I mean, you know me, I’m not someone for black bags. I wear them, occasionally, but I am a true believer that bags are supposed to uplift your look, make a statement. Like your shoes. What do you prefer? A classic Chanel in black or a funky one like the one I’m wearing today?

There are a thousand reasons to wear this Chloe Rainbow top, and yet I’m not wearing it enough. Why? I couldn’t give you any good reason why I’m not LIVING in it… Gosh, I don’t know… Maybe because it’s too pretty to wear? Do you know that feeling? When you have something so beautiful, you rather look at it every morning in your wardrobe, than putting it on… Such a shame, I know, but it happens too often! Maybe I should focus less on the many reasons  why I should be wearing it all the time, and start wearing it…
But, before I do that, let’s lay it out, right in front of me, so that there’s no reason left for me to leave it being just pretty in my wardrobe. For one, it makes every day, no matter what day it is, just a little better. The rainbow-colors bring some sort of bright aura, which makes everyone smile at me, which makes me smile back! Day = made. Then of course there’s the “wear more color” reason, in which case there couldn’t be a better top to wear. I mean, there’s a rainbow present! Or simply, I wear it because I need something airy, as it’s SO warm outside. Fact.
I think for me personally, all three reasons apply – apart from the fact that, as you know, I’m obsessed with anything Chloe… So this Chloe Rainbow top has been hanging there, in my wardrobe, creating auras, shining bright, making every start of the day better, but HAS NOT BEEN WORN ENOUGH. Thus, with the start of the weekend near, here’s to my beautiful Chloe Rainbow top!

With the summer wedding season in full swing I thought it would be fun to share my first “summer-wedding-look” from a few weeks back when we traveled all the way to the South of France for one of our dear friends’ wedding. And with a garden pre-party in mind, I went for the all-garden-look and went green, floral, and with simple messy hair and big sunnies. Not underdressed (important) but definitely not overdressed – we don’t want to steal away any thunder from the beautiful bride of course. I think that the Chloe Spring/Summer collection, but also their Pre-Fall is incredibly suitable for any outdoor wedding occasion.
On a casual day I would wear this maxi-skirt with a simple white race-back top, hair up in a top-bun, and maybe a pair of Golden Goose trainers – still need to get myself a pair of  those. Or on a less sunny day, a simple cashmere cropped knit, or jersey vest… What do you think?
