I have a little beauty routine in the morning – which I’ve shared with you before – and I can proudly say I’m still sticking to it, and that’s big, for me as a beauty-rookie. So first I wash my hair with Nexxus New York Salon Care Hydra-Light Rebalancing Shampoo, followed by their Hydra-Light Restoring Conditioner. It makes my hair feel light, fluid, and clean, and it’s the perfect base for the products I use during the day.
Because I blow-dry my hair every day, I started using Nexxus Heat Protecting Mist. It gives my hair an extra layer of protection against the heat of the blowdryer – which can be quite invasive and damaging when you use it every day. When my hair is almost dry, I part my hair in the middle, spray Nexxus Root Lifting Mist, and repeat this parting to the sides. This gives my hair more body and structure, which makes it look fuller.
I go off to get my morning coffee, or in this case iced-tea since it’s so hot in New York, and iced-coffee still isn’t something I’m used to. From there I go to a cafe to work on a blog post and check my emails. When it’s still early in the morning, and quiet around the Village, I like to sit outside. Though these days it warms up so fast, that I maybe make it to an hour outside before running back to a nice air-conditioned place.
Since I never know when my hair decides to go “flat” again, I don’t leave the house without my Nexxus Root Lifting Mist anymore. When I’m out of the house, I use it by parting my hair casually with my hands, and spraying it on. It’s simple yet effective, and a good on-the-go solution for me and gives my hair immediate bounce and volume.
Last week I attended the MoMa Party in the Garden event with Nexxus New York Salon Care. Before attending the event, I visited the Nexxus New York Salon in Tribeca for a styling session. Having my hair styled is one of those things that always feel like such a treat! A good wash, the perfect blow-dry, and then leaving with perfectly styled hair is a great beginning to a much anticipated evening.
I don’t think I know anywhere else where a wash is done so well, not to mention the ultimate relaxed flatbed you lay down on. It’s hard to stay awake, but I guess they don’t expect you to, as the first thing my stylist said was “don’t worry when you doze off”.
My stylist washed my hair with the same products that I currently use at home: Nexxus New York Salon Care Hydra-Light Rebalancing Shampoo and Hydra-Light Restoring Conditioner. These products are super hydrating and not weighing it down or making it heavier. Then it was time for the blow-out, followed by the perfect big curl, which was then transformed into beautiful beach waves with a lovely half-up, half down twisted detail.
As for the styling products, we also used the products Global Creative Director Kevin Mancuso and the Nexxus Salon interactive mirror recommended for me after our first session: the Nexxus New York Salon Care Root Lift Mist. It just gives my hair that extra body that it needs to stay full all day and night.
I’m taking the business of hair, and my own hair, very seriously as of late. Not that I didn’t before, but by “seriously” I mean that I’m really looking into products that work for my hair. Products that are best for my kind of hair, and therefore create a desired “do”. Before I was just buying whatever shampoo or conditioner looked good on the pharmacy shelf. I tried them, usually I had no complains, so I kept using them. However, now that I’ve learned more about hair, and my own hair in particular, I have a better understanding of the products I should be using.
So here’s what I’ve started to use since my last visit to Nexxus New York Salon in Tribeca:
I start with Nexxus New York Salon Care Hydra-Light Rebalancing Shampoo, the first step in rebalancing my hair. The shampoo is specially made for those with fine hair. The product is silicon free, which creates the desirable weightless effect.
The second step is the Nexxus New York Salon Care Hydra-Light Restoring Conditioner, with deep-sea minerals to restore the protective barrier, which unravels the hair and creates natural floaty movement.
Then the third step, which you can do outside of the shower, is smoothening and refining. I use my favorite product in this phase: The Nexxus New York Salon Care Root Lifting Mist. This product is ideal for fine hair that needs some volume. I spray it on my hair from roots to ends and it really does give it that structure that I need all day to create volume when I go through it with my hands. In case I decide to blow-dry my hair straight, I use the Nexxus New York Salon Care Heat Protecting Mist. It helps keep my hair moisturized and protected from the damage of heat styling.
When I have an extra second in the morning – unfortunately this doesn’t happen enough these days – I give my hair a special treatment with the Nexxus New York Salon Care Humectress Replenishing Mask. It’s part of the second step, so after shampooing my hair, I use it as a replacement of the conditioner. I only apply it from my ears down to the ends for super smooth hair. The Nexxus New York Salon Care Caviar Serum I keep in my bag, and whenever I feel my hair is getting too fizzy or appears dry, I apply this on the ends. The perfect quick-fix, but with durable results.
Spring is finally here, which means I can open up my windows on a Saturday morning to listen to the birds. I can smell the trees and the flowers and leave the house without a coat on. And most importantly, I can clean out my wardrobe by getting rid of all the thick knits I needed so desperately this winter. Spring makes me want to start fresh, which for me translates to indulging in all sorts of beauty treats, including touching up my roots and getting a hair cut; a good pedicure; and a full-body scrub to get rid of dry, winter skin. Let’s start with my hair, though, as this is my most noticeable trait. I’ll take you on a personal hair-history tour and also share the plans I have in store …
Over the past two years, my hair has gone through a bit of a shock. I went from 10 years of steady highlighting all the way to platinum, all the while assuming my hair would be fine. It was … until I completely bleached it a couple of times in a row, and then my usually strong and vital hair went on a “No More Heavy Bleaching” strike. I wasn’t particularly  surprised because I knew why it had happened. At the end of the day, it was my own choice to go this radical and now every little bit of help I can get to nourish my hair is welcomed.
And as much as spring excites me, the idea of having healthy, blond hair makes me even happier. Don’t get me wrong; I absolutely adore a beach-blond ‘do where a slightly dry hair texture is key. But now that I know how great my hair can look when treated with Nexxus Humectress Caviar Serum, well, I’m hooked! So, the “Nexxus Spring Renewal” is now underway, with this incredible product I got to try over the weekend, compliments of Nexxus New York Salon Care. It’s ridiculously good for your hair, and no matter how damaged it is, it makes your locks look so much better. See mine!
Now, if you want to give your hair the full spring treatment as I’ve done, make sure to check out my Instagram feed for a chance to win a trip to N.Y.C. and the Nexxus Salon in Tribeca!
When I wrote my first blog post in collaboration with Elizabeth Arden for its skincare line PREVAGE® (and took the “before” photo you see here above), I wasn’t sure what to expect because as I mentioned then, I’m a beauty rookie. I challenged myself to create a beauty regimen with the PREVAGE® products to see what they would do for my skin—and if I could really stick to the program. Apart from a few nights when I went to bed without cleaning my face, I’ve kept my word: Elizabeth Arden for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and dessert, and it felt so good!
Which products did I like the most? The PREVAGE® serum and lotion for their silky and smooth texture that left my skin feeling great and looking more radiant. I love when a lotion feels rich, but not like an extra layer on my face; on the other hand, I also don’t like it when a lotion is too watery, either. The serum gave my skin a hydrated feel and a beautiful glow without leaving my face shiny.
The PREVAGE® sun protection lotion was perfect for my neck—especially where my scar is—and my chest. I always moisturize and protect my face, neck, and chest equally because how weird would it be if, in 20 years, the skin on my face was more youthful looking than my neck and chest? These parts all need the same T.L.C.: hydration, hydration, and more hydration. PREVAGE® skincare also includes the super-hero Idebenone, a powerful antioxidant, which definitely helps protect my skin from signs of aging caused by environmental threats like UV rays, pollution, and smoke.
After cleansing my face at night, I applied the eye cream. It has the same feel—which I loved—as the serum, so I’m super happy about how it worked for me. And also like the serum, it’s been proven to reduce the appearance of fine lines, wrinkles, sun damage, and uneven skin texture, so I can say goodbye to crow’s feet!
Do I see a difference – see the photo below? I’ve taken care of my skin really well and I can see it: my face looks more radiant and fresh. It’s soft and smooth, and that glow I was talking about? It’s everything. I’ve also noticed some improvement in my skin’s texture and I can’t wait to keep using the products so I can watch the fine lines disappear. Overall, I can say that my skin looks healthy and beautiful, which makes me feel really good.
I’ve been working on a little – well big actually – partnership with Nexxus New York Salon Care in New York over the past few weeks and it’s finally time to reveal more…
Your hair can make or break your day. There’s a reason someone came up with the saying “having a bad hair day”. We’ve all experienced it and surely will in the future. So nothing is more useful and exciting than to have a full hair makeover from one of the greatest hair stylists that we know.
Global Creative Director Kevin Mancuso and I met at the brand-new Nexxus New York Salon in Tribeca. He started off with an introduction to the interactive mirror (see second photo) where he provided a personalized consultation. They literally scan you and work out a hair-profile to fully understand what your hair’s about and what it needs (I will soon be sharing my new regimen that was prescribed to me!). This interactive screen covers all bases; from the way it’s needs to be cut to the products to use – My hair is fine, but I have “a lot” of it, and it’s straight, but volume is easily created. Therefore, Kevin explained, he would use a cutting technique that literally cuts movement into the hair; he achieved this by cutting layers around my head. I bet this doesn’t really make sense to you right now, but it does when he works his magic in the chair.

One of my favorite parts before the actual cut was the washing at the perfectly ergonomic washing stations. I’m not sure if you have the same feelings as I do, but wherever I go to cut or color my hair, the washing moments can be painful. Not because of the washing itself, but because of the uncomfortable seating situation – the back of my head is usually sore for around a week. Anyway, at the Nexxus New York Salon Care I laid down flat on my back with no pressure anywhere on my skull. Loved it! Not to mention the smell of the Nexxus New York Salon Care hair products they used… Amazing!
So after the wash and the Nexxus Emergencée Reconstructing treatment, Kevin started with the cut. Carefully dividing my hair in many different sections, he cut loosely through it. Leaving as much length as possible, but making sure a healthy style was created. It felt good being in the hands of a pro, but the actual excitement came when he put in the big rollers and left them there for just a little over 5 minutes to create the ultimate 60s voluminous look. He blew my mind! There’s nothing else I can add, the result of the movement he created in my hair with his cutting technique really shows in the photos. The layers that framed my face gave it volume everywhere I needed it and create my ideal look. To see the final hair plus street style photos visit HarpersBazaar.com – where I was featured!! – and tell me what you think. I wish I could have him do my hair every morning, and my day would be made every day…
Those who’ve been following me over the past five years know that I’m not that good with beauty routines. I don’t wash my face every night, I have no clear regime in place when it comes to creams (not even now I’ve hit the big 3-0), and I might not even be able to tell you what products I put on this morning. I could blame all of this on being a busy mom and business woman who tries to make everything work as best as I can, but in reality there isn’t a good reason for not doing beauty the right way. Since I started my blog, I’ve gained access to some pretty amazing beauty and skin care products, so it’s about time to put those to good use.
So, here I am, bare-faced on my blog, so that you can see my current skin condition before starting to use the PREVAGE® line by Elizabeth Arden. To be clear, I have done no re-touching to any of my portraits in this post so that you can clearly see my early-30’s fine lines and dark circles. The coming weeks I will take you with me on my journey with PREVAGE® to show you firsthand my experiences with the products—and what you can achieve if you add them to your skin care regimen…
Generally speaking I’m quite happy with the way my skin looks, but I have seen its condition change over the years, especially after having James and Stella. The lack of sleep that came with being a mom, and my somewhat absent skin regimen, has taken its toll. I have dry spots from time to time and there are thin lines around my eyes and mouth. Of course, they are from smiling (duh) but they remain even when my smile doesn’t. Also, I have dark circles under my eyes, which I must admit runs in my family. It often makes me look more tired than I actually am and I hate that; I’ve always hated that. So, if the products do what they promise, fine lines will be reduced by using the PREVAGE® Anti-aging Daily Serum and Eye Cream; the PREVAGE® Anti-aging Moisture Lotion will protect my skin against damaging UVA and UVB rays and will hydrate my somewhat dry skin immediately to give me a brighter and more radiant look; and the PREVAGE® Anti-aging Treatment Boosting Cleanser will make sure my skin is clean and in the perfect condition to “receive” the other three products.
Girls, this next product is going to make your day. One product, perfecting the skin and minimizing the need for foundation or concealer: Water Fuse Beauty Balm SPF 25 PA++
Also, no need to test different shades, there’s just one-fits-all, and I guess I have to believe that, because even when I applied it, it looked rather light, it blended in so well – on the image you see a big difference of the creme-tone and my skin, but the result is a perfect silky perfection skin! It’s hiding imperfections and protects the skin at the same time. One product, I tell you, we all need this!
The Pore Minimalist mask, the most freaky beauty mask I’ve ever seen, let alone tried. And it’s a little hard to apply, on your own, but once you get the hang of it, you’ll be fine. This mask basically helps minimize your pores. I’m quite lucky with my skin, but I too have pores that start getting a bit wider, especially on and around my nose. Living in a big, polluted city doesn’t help, so a good deep clean and pore minimizer is needed. As I said, it’s a bit hard to put on by yourself, but it’s worth a try. Soft skin, clean pores, and a fresh look will be the result.
When it comes to cleaning your skin the “right” way, I’m doing it wrong, because I’m not doing it at all. Or, let me rephrase that, I don’t do it at night, because I’m often too tired, plus I have the feeling most products only dry out my skin – the rookie in me. Probably the fact that I don’t use much make-up anyway, makes it I don’t feel the need to do it daily. Anyway, what did make me wash my face – in the mornings, under the shower – was the Pore Medic Pore Minish Cleansing Bubble. Now I had the product, so why not try it? Remove make up, pour a little cleansing gel in the palm of my hand, lather it a bit, and apply it gently to the face. It started getting foamy and I loved it! I think it must have cleaned my skin in a nice way, because it felt soft and hydrated afterwards. No night cream was needed before going to bed, which is a plus with my dry winter skin!
I’m currently on a little family getaway, but meanwhile we are kicking of the “Winter Beauty Edit” here on Thefashionguitar.com! Now I’m not a real pro when it comes to beauty products, because I never know what to use or when, so it’s only when a make-up artist, or anyone beauty-related tells me what to get that I get something new. Hence, I’ve found tons of perfect beauty products, but do not share them often. I should do that more I think, because I personally love to read about other people’s beauty favourites, so I figured you might be interested in mine.
This time I had the pleasure to try some new – to me – products from Dr. Jart. Remember when I went to Montauk with them last summer? Well, to be fairly honest with you, from that moment on I’ve used their masks and nose pads a lot. However, they have so much more to offer, so it was about time I dove into the deep and did some “try this at home” experimenting.
The first product is the BB Bounce Beauty Balm. When I read that for the first time I had no clue what to expect other than it’s probably some sort of BB cream. Well, first thing is the little pad to apply this product, I had never tried that before. Don’t laugh, please, I told you, I’m a beauty rookie! So that was an experience, a very good one in terms of applying cream on my face. The product itself is, as expected, a BB cream. BUT, it’s not just a BB cream. Apart from the fact that it’s hypoallergenic, cruelty-free, and dermatologist tested, it’s the perfect and most easy to apply cream to get rid of little imperfections like uneven skin tone. And while doing this, it moisturizes and protects your skin against sun damage with SPF 30. Because even in winter we need to use sunscreen, girls!
Hope I warmed you up for a little beauty experimenting of your own — if I did, make sure you enter Dr. Jart’s giveaway of your favorite beauty products, which runs from December 16-22. Just visit their Facebook page, then like, comment and share their posts featuring my exclusive skincare tips to enter!

While finishing my week of isolation, and having a full body scan at the hospital, I’d like to introduce you – upon your many requests – to my skin secrets. Not that I ever wanted to make a secret of that in the first place, but when I receive your comments and questions – always so flattering – about what I do with my skin to make it look this way, you make it come across as a “secret recipe of beauty”. Anyways, so what do I use? Let me start by saying that I’m not a good girl when it comes to beauty routines. I often don’t wash my face in the evening, because I’m too tired or can’t be bothered. I know this might not be the way, but I sleep pretty well at night with the thought that I have a proper morning-skin-routine in place. Moreover I believe that it can also work against you when you take too good care of your skin, and wash it too often – which is for me another argument for only doing the mornings.
Having that said, I start my morning with washing my face in the shower, dry it with a towel and making the following choice: Do I go with a day cream or a face oil? The answer depends on the level of dryness of my skin – taking note that since my thyroid surgeries and radiation my skin has been more dry than usual. So when my skin looks very dry I use Rudolph facial oil. I only apply this in the area from the eyes down. My forehead is never dry and when I put oil on it, I risk make it oily and shiny. We don’t want that either, now do we. When my skin feels medium dry, or when I feel like putting something rich on my face, I use Clarins Multi-Active Jour cream. I have used that for ages. Again, not on my forehead, or only a tiny bit. When my skin feels normal I like to use 111 Skin Space Anti Age day cream which is light and super fresh. I love this cream big time, but since my skin became intense dry after radiation, the oil seems my only saviour. Every now and then I use Clarins Eye Contour gel too, but I think it doesn’t work, or at least not the way I do it – not every day – so not sure if there’s a point in doing it anyway. Last but not least, a recent happy find is my super cheap L’Oreal Magic BB cream. I use it after my oil or day cream, which I don’t use everywhere on my face, just on/under my eyes, on my cheeks, and a tiny bit on my forehead. This gives me a less tired look, and a more even skin. I believe it works!
I think there’s no secret in having a good skin, I think it all about finding what’s good for you, and being lucky with some good genes – sorry. Testing everything you think might work will get you at the point where you have your “secret” skin recipe. I would love to hear your beauty routines! Did you find your ideal products yet?
Three weeks ago I went for a hair-consult to my new hairdresser in the Meat Packing district and we made a plan. However, I could only get my hair done the week after NYFW earliest. Sh*t! Obviously I didn’t agree with my big roots – neither did at least half of you – so I had to do something radical… Something to drawn the attention away from the roots… And ever since I made my hair platinum I wanted to do something like lilac or grey, maybe even a pastel pink. Yet I never had the balls to do it. But when “worse comes to worst” you grow balls…
So, I asked my sister to bring here wash-out hair colors from Bleach London. She brought the Rose and Bruised Violet. Although I wanted the pink more than the violet, I ended up using the violet because there wasn’t enough of the pink left to get it done even everywhere… I did my own way, meaning I ignored the appliance guide on the bottle – Bad. I knew it was risky, but it couldn’t get any worse than it already was, plus, it was a wash-out thing, so in case it turned out to be really bad, I was ready to wash my hair a 100 times… Or use my sisters wash-out shampoo – also from Bleach London.
I went into the shower, made my hair wet, poured my regular shampoo in one hand, and a good drop of the violet color in the other. Mixed the two in my hands and started washing my hair as I would do normally… When fully soaped, I turned off the shower, timed 10/15 minutes and rinsed my hair. Done, with an amazing result of this pastel pink color. I couldn’t be happier.
Important though, if you buy violet thinking you will get a lavender/purplish color, you have to be ready for a little different outcome. Perhaps it was the way I applied it – mixed with my regular shampoo – or because I didn’t leave it in long enough, but evidently it’s not violet much. It does say something about the Bleach London wash-out shampoo quality, but not everything! I can still recommend it, was and am more than happy with the result. Just be warned…
Last but not less important, my hair was platinum when doing this. If your hair is a different color than platinum, I don’t know what the outcome will be. Moreover, proof that it doesn’t work on dark blond hair are my uncolored roots.

I’ve ordered some of my favorite summer beauty products, so in case you always wondered what my daily beauty essentials are…
I like my hair beachy, but most of the sea salt sprays I’ve tried only made my hair heavy and quickly turn greasy. This Maui Wowie beach mist on the other hand does what it says and results definitely in wowy, light, and bouncy hair. Then, to make sure the dark cycles under my eyes are out-of-order, I use By Terry concealer. This concealer I got introduced to when I was in Paris last Fashion Week. This is another product that feels light, almost as if you are not wearing anything on your skin at all. A pink/orange blush by M.A.C. on the cheeks to get that fresh look, and some mascara from Chanel to make sure my eye lashes are all the way coloured and visible! In terms of nails, a good scrub, I even use this big body brush which lays in the shower to lightly scrub my hands, and cream it with Aesop hand creme. Lastly a dark nail color by Chanel to finish of with, because as much as I love bright nails, for myself I stick to deep and dark.
For a very long time I didn’t like lipstick on myself. I loved it on some of my girlfriends, but whenever I put it on my own lips I felt old. Not old as in your grandma old, but old as in on my own face. As if I was still the age of 10 and playing with my mother’s lipstick. It’s only very recently I started to wear lipstick and actually liking it on myself.
Anyway, last week I posted my favorite shades of Chanel lipstick on Instagram and you all went crazy over it asking me for numbers, names, etc. Well, here they are (again)! The two perfect shades for summer, both online available – I just found out you can buy Chanel beauty online, yay!