Recently a major print publication asked me to shoot a street-style look wearing something sheer… First thoughts were excitement, second a little less happy… How was I going to wear “sheer in winter?” Winters here are ice-cold, and even without those being in full swing yet, it simply felt impossible to go outside wearing sheer, or lace, or anything that falls into that category. So question remained, how was I going to make this work without risking being frozen?
I realized that if I wanted to make this work, I had to go with as many layers as possible, and definitely big chunky knitwear. Lots of that too. And on top of that, the right skin-treatment/protection against the cold, because let’s not forget that “felling cold” is not the only downside of winter. Our skin has to endure so much during this period of year, so proper care needs to be in place. And as always, I am not well enough prepared for this. By the first signs of winter, my lips crack, and my skin is suddenly dryer than ever before. I literally went through this last week, even though I had the right products in front of me, ready to be used – e.g. Charlotte Tilbury’s Magic Cream, which I accidentally used for my dry legs before knowing this was for my face…
So I started using a little of the Magic Cream, my usual day smoky-eye with the Legendary Parties Eye Kit and lip balm, and I felt ready for whatever cold was coming.
For someone who wears a little to no make-up, a party make-up look is a big thing. A challenge! But I wouldn’t be myself if I wouldn’t like a little challenge every now and then, so I teamed up with Charlotte Tilbury to recreate something legendary… Something that brings us all in that perfect party-mood. Perfect for the Holidays!
And it’s not only about the way we look, it’s about the way that look makes us feel. Cause in the end, when we feel we look good, we feel good. And the ultimate feeling must be that one. Now looking good – needless to say – can be created, or maybe better said, enhanced, by wearing the right make-up. So if you are a bit like me, you wear nothing, OR, on days you have to wear a little more than that, you wear the perfect foundation, cover dark circles with the right shade of concealer, a little eye shadow, a good brow, mascara, and some lip balm on your way out. In your taxi you add a little blush – cause there’s nothing worse than applying blush indoor, in fake light – and you are ready to conquer the world!
Now I’ve got that natural make-up look down, but when it comes to party make-up, I’m a rookie. So I’m not implying I’m giving you “the perfect make-up look for the holidays”, I’m just giving you the inspiration that I was looking for. Here’s what I used…
Moisturizing is my first thing when I get out of the shower, especially when I wear a dress with bare legs, it’s a MUST. So my Charlotte Tilbury adventure started with her Giant Magic Cream. The eyes are simple because the lips make the statement, hence I used Charlotte’s Film Noir nights eyeliner, and her mascara (that one actually came from her Legendary Eyes set). The lipstick is definitely an “out of my usual zone” thing, but I love it so much. I took the inspiration from a photo I saw of Sienna Miller. I just need someone to come and fix my hair, and I’m ready to go. Oh WAIT! Let’s not forget to finish it of perfectly with the right perfume… Scent Of a Dream was just right for that!
I was thinking, what am I missing… Missing in terms of New York Fashion Week… Cause I’ve posted all my looks, but in the back of my head I knew there was something I was forgetting. How could I seriously forget this shoot?! Because it’s not every day that you get to shoot your favorite Fall lipstick colors with Harpers Bazaar US! Well, here it is, in collaboration with Clinique, we shot this lovely home-style editorial featuring 5 Fall lip colors every women should have: something Bold Fuchsia, a strong yet Chic Neutral, of course a Cool Red, maybe a Pale Pink, and a classic Cherry Red.
Pads like the ANEW Extra Strength Retexturizing Peel Pads – that’s a mouth full – are usually not in my routine, but as I said, I’m here to try, so I started using those for taking of skin make-up, and it was kind of convenient, which is a BIG plus in my hectic life, where I don’t have much time for myself. It felt so easy to remove “the day” off my face. Plus, they are not oily – as I find those pads so often. I wouldn’t remove my eye make up with the pads, because the area around my eyes is crazy sensitive, but definitely approved for my face and neck!
I would like to start by saying that any time spend with Chanel, is time perfectly well spend. So there’s not much that tops being invited by the Chanel Beauty team to come along to London for the presentation of Lucia Pica’s – Chanel’s new Global Creative Make-up and Color Designer – debut collection: Chanel Le Rouge Collection N°1.
As Gabrielle Chanel once said “Red is the color of life, of blood, I love red” and Lucia Pica completely shares these passionate feelings about the color red… “I am obsessed by the color red,” says Pica. “For me there is strength and emotion, warmth and disruption in the color red.” And while walking through different rooms where she showed us a collection of incredible photographs, capturing the theatrical and sensorial elements of life, I could feel this true love for the color. “I really wanted to explore the meaning of color and what is behind it. There is an idea of the symbolism of red and a red undertone runs throughout the collection.”
Not only was I very much impressed by the creative process that comes with the actual creation of a collection as such, I also started to fall in love with her as a person. So refreshing how she was telling us about her debut collection for Chanel with her beautiful French accent and that sweet smile. I mean, wow, what an inspiring woman!
In a variation of tones, textures and finishes, carefully applied on three angelic model faces, Lucia Pica revealed the many facets of the iconic shade and the expressive palette she created for face, lips, cheeks, and eyes.
Of course after hearing all about it, it was time to try the new line on our own faces. And with a little advice from Lucia Pica herself, I went for the copper eye cream with dark red eye-liner, and a dark lip. In fact the darkest lipstick in this palette – who would have thought that could look so hot!
Hair is a delicate matter. Once you screw it up, it’s a long way back. I had my fair share of screw-ups, and looking back at my hair-history, I wonder how it’s possible I still have hair on my head. No, I’m kidding, but I do admit that over time I learned more about my hair and how to treat it. So truthfully, I can’t and I won’t tell you anything about the history of hair in general – as the caption of this article might let you to believe – but what I will do is tell you a little more about the history of mine, and hopefully help you getting to your “perfect” hair sooner than I did…
So over the years – I’m talking 15 years plus – I’ve done a lot to my hair. Things that are known to be not good for it, on the contrary. It all started with DIY hair coloring. Well, as we all know, that usually doesn’t turn out to be as the picture on the package, unless you are one of those home-colouring wizzards, which I’m not. Then I saved up, took a new direction, and had my high-lights done at a salon in my hometown. Not a big success either, considering leopard spots are only good on leopards, not on humans… Starting to figure out it’s all about the colorist, I did my homework and started traveling for my hair, other cities, different colorists, and I found one that did a great job, finally!
Yeah, I’ve always been blond by choice, but I never chosen for those ugly yellow tones – sorry, the images might be a bit distracting, but that’s indoor lighting doing its “wonders”. So with all the moving around, Singapore, Beijing, London, New York, it was every time again a task to find out where and who could do my hair well. Someone who just gets it. Now this doesn’t only apply your colorists… I’m lucky enough to work with THE BEST in that field in New York right now, but also did I meet a very special person who always knows how to cut my hair the best way possible. Someone who really gets my hair. And the best part is, he’s done in 20 mins, max. So fast, and so good. After Thursday’s haircut, I wondered why I didn’t go before Fashion Month, because the man I’m referring to, Kevin Mancuso – Global Creative Director Nexxus New York Salon Care – made me a look new again… Cliché words? Sponsored post? Yes, I hosted the event in New York in collaboration with Vogue and Nexxus, but only because I truly love the brand and the magic Kevin does to my hair every time I see him. It would be a shame not to share that with you!
Thus, here’s what we did that day… At the Nexxus salon in New York, they start with a quick identification of your current hair-state. Which, in my case, was that it needed a good trim, and some intense nourishing treatment. They worked wonders with their Emergencée treatment, and made my hair intensely reconstructed, and as they call it “responsive”. Best part about this, and this also makes their salon experience unique, is that after a quick hair analysis, they make a plan you can take home. They treat it, cut it, and with the right products they after treatment is easy peasy and therefore doable at home. Which is for me key, since I don’t have much time in the morning to “do” my hear. So in my case, I use some Mousse Plus from roots till half-way my hair, take al my hair together like a ponytail, and start blowdrying it out. From every direction possible. Sleek the front a bit, and I’m done.
Ready to welcome New York’s finest at the Vogue x Nexxus “History of Hair” event. Champagne and macaroons, a complimentary blow-out, and styling advice from Kevin. I think that’s pretty close to the perfect recipe for a great hair-experience!

Nothing irritates me more than dry hands, dry feet, dry lips, or any part of my skin that is dry, due to it being exposed to cold winters, air pollution, and the harshness of the water every time I was my hands or take a shower. Now don’t get me wrong, I love to take a shower and I wash my hands, regardless of the above, I just had to figure out a way of keeping the dryness out of the door. This is what I did…
I started trying every single product from my so-called “Beauty drawer”. Since I started my blog, and especially over the past two years, I’ve been gifted tons of beauty products. Some even more amazing than others, some ridiculously expensive – which is why I appreciate the gifting even more, I mean, I couldn’t even afford them if I wanted to – and a few turned out to be really bad… As in, I wouldn’t ever recommend those to you, not even if I was paid to!
Anyway, this article is all about saying goodbye to dry skin, so I’ve made a list of some of my favorite beauty products that target the face and lips. I will get into hand-treatment, and dry legs another time. Promise! Let’s start with Elizabeth Arden, an amazing skin care brand that I really got into when I started working with them, but at the same time made me realize I had been using “them” forever: their Eight Hour cream, and then in specific its lip balm. I love the smell, which reminds me a bit of Earl Gray tea, and it has proven to me to restore my lips in a couple of days – not in eight hours though. Another great product is their Prevage anti-aging serum. The texture feels perfect – I don’t like it when cremes or serums are too watery – and I didn’t get any allergic reactions or outbreaks. How well it helps against anti aging? Read the full review here! Lastly Elizabeth Arden’s most recent product I’ve been using – Thomas too, he loves it because it doesn’t feel like he is wearing it after applying it – is their SUPERSTART skin renewal creme. I can’t really tell how the “results” are, because I haven’t been using it long enough, but I for one love it for the same reason as Thomas loves it.
Another skin care brand I’ve been using since I got introduced to it two years back, is 111Skin. Their Bio Cellulose Facial masks are a real treat, and so is the Noctural Eclipse Recovery cream. Recently their Celestial Black Diamond line came out, and I love its eye serum, although I must admit it’s a bit too “watery” for me. Never the less, since it does really hydrates the area around my eyes, I’ve been using it until it was empty, which it sadly is now. Time for a new beauty product to try, and that was Estee Lauder night repair for the eye, which I use day and night since I bought it on the airport from London to New York last November. This might possibly be my favorite eye cream up till now. It feels like the most silky thing I’ve ever put on my skin, that soft and it absorbs almost right away. A treat to apply it, every time again!
Last brand that is currently highly represented on my bathroom shelf is Chanel’s skin care. I’ve been trying a few different lines, but surely La Nuit is one of the most nourishing. I use it not only at night, but also when I feel my skin really needs to recharge. Their Solution 10 is perfect on every level – especially when my skin goes through sensitive phases after I’ve used lots of make up for a photo shoot, or a long flight.
Winter equals cracked lips, and I’m always on the hunt for the next best thing in the lip care area. My current favorites are the good old Carmex – a little tickling at the start, fresh, and 100% guaranteed soft lips in a day, Chanel lip balm – very light and hydrating, and a new one I’ve started using today (!) is the Glossier dot balm…
What is your secret weapon against cracked lips? Any product recommendations? Below a few more I’ve used over the years, and loved.
Paris #flashback… Jeff and I shot this beautiful Chloé look and fragrance in-between a busy show schedule and heavy showers… Unfortunately the last days of Fashion Week in Paris were kind of rainy, but nonetheless, with a few Fall favorites, we managed to make it work. Though it’s not really about the look in this post, this time it’s about what gives it the final touch…
Now with some of you asking me frequently about my beauty favorites – which is actually why I’m doing more beauty features on thefashionguitar.com lately – I though it would be interesting to share my latest addition in the fragrance area: . With my obvious weak spot for this brand, it was impossible to resist trying their fragrance.
What I love most of trying a new fragrance, is that “I smell myself again”. I reckon this sounds a bit strange, but you know when you wear the same fragrance forever, you don’t even notice it anymore. The sweet and fresh smell of reminds me of the romance of Paris, from its beautiful gardens and charming sidewalk cafes to its effortlessly chic women. Same as for the bottle, strong and sweet, with a little powder pink bow around the bottle’s neck.
Besides that, I’m obsessed with Dree Hemingway as the new face of the perfume. She is the embodiment of strong and sweet, capturing the spirit and natural beauty of a Parisian woman… Here I am though, trying to channel her amazing representation of the brand and their new perfume, posing slightly awkward in the streets of Paris. I would say, you should have been there, or, at least, try it too!
I can’t believe Fashion Months is almost coming to an end. The last leg, Paris, is always the most exciting one for me, so I’m making sure that I arrive well rested and relaxed. Part of this process is treating my mind and body with care. Taking a little extra time putting on my day creme, maybe applying my favorite face serum with some extra care, and creating the most relaxing home environment.
#MyRituals are simple. I start with a hot shower where I scrub my legs using Rituals’ Fortune scrub (read about my favorite scrub salt here), wash my hear, and do the necessary shaving here and there. After getting out of the shower and putting on my home-attire I start with the face. A relaxing serum is my way to go. I apply Rituals’ Tao | Qi just as the rolling-pen tells me, with a slow pace onto temples, forehead, and neck. The Chinese mint has a cooling effect, which surely helps in the whole relaxing process.
Then it’s time to create the perfect atmosphere, at home, preferably in my bedroom, where I do my reading for inspiration. My latest addiction is Rituals’ Happy Mist. Not did I ever expect this to have such a good and long-lasting smells, as well as a truly relaxing impact on my. I actually only discovered it’s true effects when I went to bed the night after I sprayed the mist onto my pillows for photo purposes. Even Thomas asked me what that amazing smell was. I’ve been spraying it onto my bed pillows every two days ever since, and I’m surely bringing it with me to Paris!
Now there’s time to work, and time to relax. Though these things are most of the time intertwined, because I love what I do, and when I’m doing my research on latest trend, I can easily do that from my favorite relaxing spot: My bed. Here you see me while reading my favorite magazines, accompanied by Rituals’ products that are always on my bed stand: Ginkgo’s Secret hand balm, scented candles, and TAO | YIN – another great bed and body mist.
All these little things require no space, not too much time, and you don’t have to leave the house – which is why I’m convinced #MyRituals truly work for me. They help you create a peaceful home-spa environment, where only a bathroom and potentially your bedroom function as calming places where you can relax and even maybe work, as I do in my preparations for Paris Fashion Week!
Lightness, grace, and precious delicacy are the traits that define the world of Valentino interpreted by Maria Grazia Chiuri and Pierpaolo Piccioli. It is inhabited by a female being who is as strong and fragile, consistent and unpredictable, determined and delicate as today’s women. The ateliers of Palazzo Mignanelli, the historic headquarters of the Maison in the heart of Rome, are where contemporary creativity and savoir couture blend in pursuit of timeless elegance spawned by uniqueness, poetry, and invention. A couture object is unique because the talent and skill required to make it – whether it is a T-shirt or an evening dress – are unique. That trait – like a strand of DNA – pervades the Valentino ambiance.
A hint of elegance, fragility, irreverence, and candor emerges in this sensuous, independent person capable of sudden passion and unexpected shyness. Is she an actress? A lover? A figure from a film noir? She seems to say «I am mine» as a fact, not a provocation. To interpret this woman with such crystalline and complex allure, Maria Grazia Chiuri and Pierpaolo Piccioli chose the young actress Àstrid Bergès-Frisbey, whose classic face and surprising maturity are a blend of grace and pride. In the portrait by Steven Meisel and directed by Louis Garrel, Àstrid she is both woman and actress, truth and fiction. She breaks the illusion, as in a nouvelle vague film, aware that being yourself also means interpreting a role.
To dress this person with complex simplicity, perfumers Sonia Constant and Antoine Maisondieu imagined a fragrance both classic and mercurial that seems to have always existed: a subtle, light, unique scent with an alluring and profoundly Italian accord. Valentino Donna is mysterious, exquisite and timeless, like a couture object. Rose essence, generously blended with notes of bergamot and iris Pallida, illuminates the fragrance with refined radiance and an impalpable texture. Warm, intense notes of leather blended with patchouli and vanilla express an exquisite, inescapable carnality.
The search for contemporary classicism, and a sense of past and present that characterizes the concept of timeless elegance, are embodied in the bottle, which is both a vessel and a symbol of Valentino Donna. The glass surface is entirely cut in prisms that resemble studs, but could also be the ashlar masonry of an Italian palazzo. The powerful design of the bottle is emphasized and contradicted by the pale pink liquid that can be glimpsed at between the studs: this marvelous image interrupts the rigorousness of the design and conveys a subtle idea of grace.
Take a minute and watch this amazing short movie which was created especially for the launch of their new fragrance.
After having done my fair share of Fashion Weeks, I know what are the ways to do it, and what aren’t. Though, I must admit, I’m still fine-tuning my “ways”, because every season I “learn”. Now, first and foremost in preparing for Fashion Week is planning. I’ve been going back and forth between not-planning, and planning, because I like the idea of standing in front of my Fashion Week clothing rack and having fun every morning dressing myself. Well, first of all, that clothing rack is not going to be filled up by latest Fendi and Chloe by itself, so I need to plan this well. Moreover, I’ve learned the latter reduces the level stress tremendously, and is simply the only way to go when you want to combine a back-to-back Fashion Week schedule with a family. Trust me. So here’s how I do it, one step at the time, starting early, and making sure that I’m having fun “in the proces” and enjoy it while I’m “in” it!
Beauty preparations
To make sure I look and feel as best as possible during this hectic month, I’ve teamed up with my favorite beauty & wellness brand from the Netherlands: Rituals. Apart from my list of favorite products that I’m using year round, I’ve tried a few different products and fully adopted their concept of making “routines more meaningful”, and creating “me-time” in the process. Below I’ve written about this process, along with the products I’ve used, and reasons why I think you will love it too!
Legs – Unwinding and creating me-time are crucial before I start a fashion week, because I know during there’s not going to be any time to sit down and scrub my legs or whatsoever. Hence I’m putting all effort in my face and body rituals before, starting with a good leg scrub to get rid that summer skin – still leaving a little tan behind. I used the Himalaya Scrub, which is basically a salt scrub that smell like roses. It’s insane. Oh, and no I didn’t shave my legs before scrubbing – you might have seen that – because once someone told me I never should… Anyway, I followed with a rich moisturizing body creme, called Magic Touch. It’s like whipped creme for the legs. It’s insane!
Feet – Ai ai ai, if there’s one part of my body that suffers the most during Fashion Month, it’s my feet. Those poor babies suddenly have to walk around in high feels every day, and when they do get sneakers on, there’s blisters, sometimes until they bleed… So I have to give them some TLC, some extra love, every morning – not just before Fashion Month actually. I prefer to do this with two of my all time favorites, which I’ve been using for years now: the TAO QING FA foot scrub and TAO LAO TZE foot balm. This combination is ultra softening and cools down those hard-working feet a 100%
Hands – Hands are the first thing I look at when I meet someone, hence I try to make my hand always look as best as possible. Not only by wearing the most beautiful jewelry, or having the perfect manicure, but firstly by moisturizing them. It’s everything! New favorite is their Miracle Balm. Smells like heaven (also the orange one called Happy Hands) and is a true miracle worker.
Favourite designers – I have my favorite designers, which do change a bit every season, depending on their collections. However, as I believe that during Fashion Week it’s the moment to show you, my valued reader, but also everyone else who doesn’t know me yet, my personal style, I’m sticking to the designers I truly love. Their collections represent my style, they speak my language, and they fit into my life as it is. This season’s favorites are Chloe, Valentino, and Gucci. When it comes to jeans I’m living in my Frame Denim’s and True Religion, recently added to this list, totally makes the best rough hem jeans!
Favourite pieces – Every season there are some looks and key pieces I’m obsessing over. Sometimes I borrow these from the brands, sometimes I buy them. My latest obsession are those white Celine slip-ons, and, needless to say, my obsession over Chloe’s bohemian looks is real, and Valentino’s black & white collection inspired me much too.
Try it, wear it – Not every style and look works for me, so whenever I borrow or buy something from a favorite brand, I try it on at home, with pieces from my current wardrobe, and plan out the perfect look. Every now and then it will happen that it doesn’t look as good on me as I hoped it would. No hard feelings there, just being honest with myself, and try to convince me that not everything is for me, and that’s fine!
Enjoy it! – My ultimate goal is being able to enjoy Fashion Month, the shows, and all the cocktail events and book signings that come with it. My recipe to succes is preparation. Not everyone will agree with me on this, but fact is, when I come home after a day of shows, there are two amazing toddlers waiting for me – who call me a “princess” when wearing that beautiful Chloe dress – and need my full attention. There’s no “relaxing”, there’s only “keep on going mommy!”. So whenever I have a little me-time before I go to bed, and I can make that extra meaningful by using beautiful beauty products that smell so good they make me smile, why wouldn’t I want to share this with you!