Trends are forever coming and going, and while most are way out of my style zone, there are some I actually really enjoy making my own.  After all, personal style is exactly that: it’s personal! The satin trend made me cringe until I laid eyes on this skirt. I’ve seen satin blouses, slinky cami’s and even wide leg silk pants that resemble pajamas- none of which are my cup of tea. As you already know, satin isn’t an easy fabric to wear. It’s often painfully shiny, crinkles easily and shows every single lump or bump no one of any size wants on display.

This satin skirt caught my eye for three reasons: 1. it’s my favorite, universally flattering midi length, 2. I never met a pleat I didn’t love and 3. it’s the most gorgeous bronze-brown I’ve ever seen. I’m loving the juxtaposition between silky satin and a heavy knit- such an interesting combination, and the neutral tones work beautifully together.
Let’s be honest: everyone could use a little help smoothing things out on occasion, so here are 6 shapewear must haves every girl should have in her wardrobe:

1 | A Smoothing Cami or Open Bust Smoothing Cami is perfect for smoothing things out underneath blouses, tops and tees, including back bulge.

2 | A Waist Shaper is a great way to cinch the waist underneath fit and flare or bodycon dresses that showcase the waist.

3 | A High Waisted Capri is perfect underneath pants, including slacks, denim and cropped trousers.

4 | Hip and Thigh Shaping High Waisted Shorts are perfect underneath skirts, culottes, gauchos, bermuda shorts.

5 | A half slip or full ship is a great alternative to shorts shapers if shorter length shapewear is required.

6 | A Bodysuit or Open Bust Bodysuit is amazing at smoothing everything out underneath dresses and jumpsuits, including back bulge.

For expecting mama’s, Maternity Shaping Shorts are ultra comfy, provide amazing smoothing support in the hips and thighs, and breathable fabric for your baby bump.

Somehow every time I see my sister, it never fails- we’re always twinning in at least one article of clothing, this time a collarless coat! Out of my four younger sisters, Jazmen and I have very similar personal style, so this happens quite often. We also have a lot of the same accessories, including these earrings we’re both wearing.

I personally love when this happens and I can share it here on the blog, because it’s a perfect example of how two people of different heights, sizes and body types can wear the exact same article of clothing and look equally amazing, further proving that style goes way beyond size! Jazmen’s look is casually polished for after hours, while my modern take on workwear is ready for the office, making this coat a definite must-have.

It’s true, sometimes I buy a dress without knowing what occasion I’m going to wear it for- I just can’t help myself! But more often than not, a dress doesn’t make it into my closet without the potential of being worn on several different occasions. This one is a recent find I wore to my nieces ballet recital, which I’ll also be wearing out to dinner to ring in the new year later this week!

We’re approaching mid-November, which means party dress season is upon us! Whether you have a company holiday party to attend, a family gathering or an evening soirée with friends, there are some amazing options in the encore (aka plus size) department at Nordstrom, from some of my fave dress designers.

I picked up this little green number for Dave’s annual gathering of friends, and although it’s a bit shorter than I usually go, I couldn’t resist the girly ruffle and gorgeous color. I’m used to finding great options at Nordstrom, but I’m super excited to see so many plus designers stepping up their style game in terms of color, silhouette and fabrics this season- I’m currently awaiting the arrival of this feather hem shift dress for New Year’s Eve!

If you’re like me and prefer to be stylish, but most importantly comfortable while vacationing, your outfit’s going to be a bit more practical than the images we often see in magazines. My go-to beach and pool-friendly ensemble during my trip was this printed caftan or one of my many wrap dresses that resembles a cover-up. Add my favorite goes with everything hat to conceal my no makeup face from the sun, simple stud earrings, sunglasses, straw tote, flip-flops, and I’m ready to conquer the day stylishly, still able to explore the property comfortably and run after Narayan if needed!
Hi and thanks so much for stopping by! I started GIRL WITH CURVES in 2011 as a creative outlet outside my (now former) career in technology. With encouragement from my husband, I started sharing my personal style online.

What started as a personal style blog has evolved into a lifestyle site inspiring confidence through fashion, style advice, beauty tips, health and living.

I’ve struggled with self-esteem my entire life. And like every woman I know, there are things about my appearance I would love to change. However, there came a time in my life- 8 years ago to be exact, when I realized the road to loving myself- though long, would be much more rewarding than the bumpy, mentally exhausting road I’d been on, loathing myself.

Fashion is something I’ve always been passionate about, but it wasn’t always an easy hobby to have as the tallest girl in school (I’m 5 feet ten inches), with the largest feet (size US 12) and the only one who skipped a training bra and went straight to the real, uncomfortable thing. Not fitting into the clothes my friends were able to wear, having multi-racial hair I rarely saw on TV or in magazines, were just a few beauty-anxieties I struggled with throughout my adolescent and teen years, and some I still find myself dealing with even today.

After years battling eating disorders and excessive exercise as a result of poor self-esteem and a major lack of confidence in my teens and twenties, I suffered severe knee injuries. It wasn’t until I was a few pounds shy of my goal weight, had no cartilage left in my knees and could barely walk, that I was faced with a harsh reality: I almost liked what I saw on the outside, but I wasn’t happy inside. At that very moment, I had a personal awakening. I looked in the mirror and asked myself why I spent so much time hating my imperfect eyebrows, acne-prone skin, frizzy hair, wide hips, lack of a thigh gap thunder thighs, cellulite, stretch marks, thick knees, big feet, the list went on… I asked myself, was wasting time focusing on the outside, worth being trapped in a mental prison of unhappiness on the inside?

From that moment on, I made an effort to focus on accepting things about myself I once considered flaws. Although I didn’t see anyone in the media I could relate to completely, I made small connections with women I admired- like Jennifer Lopez’s ample backside, Maria Carey’s curly hair, Marilyn Monroe’s thick thighs and hips. Making connections between physical characteristics I admired in others, with those I possessed myself, allowed me to start viewing my flaws as beautiful.

When I started this blog over 5 years ago, I didn’t set out to make a difference in the way other women saw themselves. I simply needed a creative outlet, and to be honest I was scared to death of what people would think of me. I was so afraid of the judgement I thought I’d receive, when in fact it was my own inner voice, going over all the things I didn’t like about myself.

Early on, I received messages from women of all ages (and even single fathers with teenage daughters!), saying how inspired they were seeing someone they could relate to on some level- whether it be body type, height, size, race, hair type, eye color, you name it!

What I realize every single day in connecting with women from all over the world through this blog, is that we all strive to make connections with other people, but we miss the most important one: connecting with ourselves. If we can recognize beauty in others, why is it so hard to see beauty in ourselves?

As my readers gain confidence in themselves by relating some part of their physical appearance, beauty trials, health or lifestyle experiences with mine, I gain confidence in knowing the work I do is helping others, and hopefully preventing someone from suffering the effects of poor self-esteem and lack of confidence I experienced most of my life.

My goal is to inspire unapologetic confidence, encouraging women to look and feel amazing, regardless of size.

This site is a constantly evolving creative space to share my classic meets fashion forward personal style, beauty secrets, journey to achieving a healthy self-esteem, confidence tips, latest finds, experiences as a mom and a proud girl with curves.

Today I’m a mother of a 2 year old boy named Narayan, a 5 year old English Bulldog named Kingston and a wife to my best friend, biggest supporter and business partner, Dave. I’m a graduate of UC Berkeley with a degree in English, a licensed esthetician and multi-racial American who passionately supports the body positive and women empowerment movements. I’m blogging, styling, modeling, consulting and creating content for some of my favorite brands, in the midst of building a team and launching a passion project I can’t wait to share in the coming months!

Whether I’m obsessing over a particular trend, find a solution for taming frizz or simply want to share something happening in my life, you’ll be the first to know.
