 always get that itch mid-January to get out of dodge and find a warm, sunny beach! I’ve found a lot of great pieces while shopping for our upcoming family trip (stay tuned on Snapchat @hellofashblog and Instagram @hellofashionblog to see where we end up!) and wanted to share some of my finds and must-haves with you guys! Below are 5 things to pack for every beach vacation.

1. A good read! I’ve talked a lot about my new book for the new year and I’ve gotten so many questions so I wanted to share! It’s called The Happiness Equation. There’s nothing better than having a good read while you are lounging at the beach – this has been such a good one so far! I definitely recommend it.

2. A new swimsuit: No matter how many swimsuits you might own, nothing puts a beach vacation over the top like a new swimsuit. There’s nothing better than feeling confident at the beach, and you can’t help but feel confident in a great swimsuit. I’m obsessed with this nude lace-up one and this ruffled bikini. I also just ordered a couple new ones that I’m so excited to share over the next week!

3. A beach bag: A good bag for the beach isn’t just a plus, it’s a must. There are so many beach necessities for a day on the sand that you can’t go without a bag and bringing your leather or suede bags it just asking for heartbreak haha. I love this crochet bag and this straw option!

4. A good sun hat: Ok you guys I have been crushing on these embroidered hats for yeaaaars! They are so stunning and 100% Instagram-worthy. Also love this option under $50.

5. A fresh mani/pedi: If there were ever a time for a fresh mani/pedi, it’s right before a trip to the beach. I’ve been obsessed with nude nail polishes recently – they are so sophisticated and match with everything so you don’t have to worry about your nails clashing with everything you packed. This set has so many perfect nude tones!

Below are a few more great beach pieces I’m obsessed with!

Finding out about the Shopbop sale is always like the best surprise 😉 It’s is one of my favorite sales of the year since you can get even new arrivals and best sellers for 25% off. Everything always flies out of stock so I wanted to hurry up and share some of my favorites before everything sells out!

I have been drooling all over Shopbop’s outerwear collection! How pretty are these striped and colorblocked coats! Also love this gorgeous blush coat – it’s the perfect layer over your oversized sweatshirts and boyfriend jeans. And I’m so excited for scarf season!! They are the best accessory for layering and add so much dimension to your look. This stitched burgundy one (under $100) is so good and this striped one is 100% next on my buy list. Also I’m obsessed with Kendall + Kylie’s pieces! I just ordered these boots and this grey pair was a close second and they are both at a pretty reasonable price point.


And just like that, 2017 is just a few days away! I always feel like after the New Year means getting back down to business. After spending the majority of December in my sweats and favorite Christmas pajamas I feel like my wardrobe is in need of a refresher. Here are 5 pieces every wardrobe needs for the new year – all of which are on sale right now.

1. A Sweater You’ll Wear Everything. By amount the end of November I start feeling like I’ve cycled through most of my knits and sweaters a time or two. I love this cable knit sweater (on sale under $50) – the detailing is perfect for an office look or with your favorite boyfriend jeans and booties.

2. An Addition (or 2) to Your Shoe Collection. When you are wearing boots 7 days a week during the dead of winter (thank you Utah snow! but really because I love boot season 😉 can you ever really have enough options? I love this one – it’s a great heel height you can wear anywhere and it’s at a great price point right now under $100 (on sale). Also saw this amazing pair (40% off) and it was in my cart 2 seconds later – obsessed with the chunky heel and how pretty is the burgundy suede?

3. Fresh Workout Gear. Tis the season of New Year resolutions! Being healthier is a constant among most people’s resolutions and what’s better motivator than fresh workout wear? I love this graphic logo tank and colorblocked windbreaker (a must for those outdoor activities). I’m a sucker for Nike and there are so many great pieces on sale at Nordstrom right now – also love these sneakers.

4. Denim, Denim and More Denim. I always stock up on denim whenever it’s on sale. Topshop is one of my favorites for budget denim – this pair and this one are both under $50. I can’t get enough of the distressing and high-waisted combo right now.

5. An Oversized Sweatshirt. Ok I will never say no to cozy, oversized sweatshirts. I always size up for a baggier fit and the Nike ones are always so cozy that I’m always tempted to get one in every color haha. Love this one!


Christine Andrew founded Hello Fashion in December 2011 as a way to showcase current trends in fresh, inspiring ways. Christine was born in South America, but she’s lived in all corners of the United States- from Montana to Washington DC. Christine discovered her love of fashion at a young age. With a strong appreciation towards all aesthetics, she’s created a style that’s entirely her own- pairing classic and edgy, feminine and masculine, and always adding a fashionable dose of global influence as a nod to her Latin roots. Hello Fashion allows Christine to communicate directly with “the everyday woman” and offer style inspiration and advice along the way.

With a degree in Fine Arts and a minor in Business, Christine began her professional career in sales. There, she met her husband (and love of her life) Cody. Christine and her husband Cody now reside in Utah where she’s a new mom to Beckam, proud stepmom to Wes and Mara, and obsessed with her puppy Mio.

I wanted to share some of my favorite sale picks for both him and her from the LUISAVIAROMA sale right now – their entire sale collection is an extra 20% off plus they have free shipping and returns. I always find so many unique pieces there, especially Adidas! I love this wool sweater and track pants, both under $100 during the sale and I also love their sneaker options. I ordered this pair in blue and black and how cute are these pink suede sneakers? They also have great options for both guys and kids. I love this striped sleeve sweatshirt and camo joggers for Cody and just ordered this pair for B – I’m dying!

I launched my fashion career at Gap Inc. as a merchandiser in 2007. Even back then, I quickly realized how street style was shaping how “we” as a brand developed products and the influence it had on our customers. So, in 2010, as a hobby, I created Atlantic-Pacific to add perspective to the growing conversation.

In the 6 plus years of running my site, it has been invaluable to see the industry reshape from the inside out, especially as both a style influencer and merchandiser. As more people start to develop personal brands – and brands try to become more human – connecting to audiences in real authentic ways has never been more important.

Flash forward to today, I’m humbled to have worked with an amazing list of brand partners including CoverGirl, Gucci, Nordstrom, Target, Tory Burch, Sephora, and many, more. I’ve also been honored to collaborate in global digital campaigns with luxury brands Omega, Fairmont, Range Rover, and Veueve Clicquot. Not to mention, I’ve been featured in some of my favorite print and online publications including Vogue, Elle, Harper’s Bazaar, Who What Wear, Refinery 29, Style Watch, and more.

My photographs have allowed me to tell an ongoing narrative of my evolving personal style. I love all things feminine – think timeless meets classic with a hint of quirk. While many things have changed, some remain pretty consistent. You’ll rarely find me without my shades, a bold lip, a high heel, and polished fingertips.

I look forward to continuing to share my fashion and digital evolution with you – and hope to inspire you to do the same with me. Please reach out to me with style questions, comments, or just a simple hello!

