I rarely wear watches, but when I do – I’m quite picky with the brand, style and feel. There’s something so understated and chic about Larsson and Jennings watches. Quintessentially British yet still has that Scandinavian minimalism – a true Anglo-Swedish luxury watch brand. My previous pieces from the brand have always been leather straps in beautiful hues, but I love this one with a chain mesh strap. Quality at the top, it being Swiss made.

I must say, I’ve been a fan of Uggs since I was a teenager. I remember buying them when I lived in Dubai to only wear during the London summers, and ended up living in them whilst studying in London for four years at the London College of Fashion. Not an advertisement, but what’s so great about those shoes are the fact that they’re incredibly comfortable and keep you warm, but an airy kind of warm. I partnered up with Uggs to style up a few of their current collection, and must say I was pleasantly surprised with the styles they’ve launched for the Fall 2016 collection, as well as the variety – still keeping true to the brand with the quality, comfiness, and the warm cosy feeling. I also love the fact that the brand has been working with a few of my favorite style icons like Rachel Zoe and Rosie Huntington Whitely.

When it came to the boots, I wore one with a typical look I’d wear in London – skinny jeans and a jacket – the boots worked well to give it a grungy finish, as well as it being very comfortable to walk around in all day. For the second boot look, I went for something a little more bohemian that worked with the ankle booties – I liked the fact that the shearling fur was coming out of the boots.

For the sneakers, I liked how they were chic, had a mix of different textures and weren’t bulky to wear. I styled one look with a pair of denim overalls, whilst having a watermelon juice and coconut water – and catching up on emails. The leopard print really does add a little bit of jazz to the look, so it doesn’t look too plain. For the second sneaker look, I went for something a little simple – one I’d wear to walk around the city in when the weather starts cooling down. A pair of comfortable skinny jeans, paired with a contrasting yellow leather biker jacket. The black sneakers are more interesting than your typical one, especially because the brand has used a range of textures in one shoe.

I shot my looks in one of my favorite cafes in Dubai, Comptoir 102. A place I love to chill with friends over healthy and clean food – or for meetings over coffee or a glass of one of their healthy juices. There’s something so chic, and pretty about it, which makes me feel in my element.

SKIN CARE ROUTINE.
Looking good is a boost to self esteem and self-esteem is an aid to professional success as well as personal and romantic well-being. I’m unarguably happy for the existence of blow-dries, waxing and manicures. To stay chipper, it’s vital to know, how to find joy in small things along the way: a new lipstick, a P.G. Wodehouse novel, a sunny day, a perfect mushroom soup, a great pair of shoes. These things may be small in themselves, but they add up to something important.

Between shootings and everyday life my skin is constantly under stress and I try to keep it hydrated by drinking lots of water and by never forgetting to accurately take my makeup off at night. I also believe that a good cleanser and day cream are the essentials to keep the skin healthy therefore, it is important to find a skincare brand line that you trust. I started using KLENTHOUSE skin products from Eclat – Institute de Beaute (click here). I have been using different products ever since but I think that I finally found the ones that best fit my skin and it is so easy since I got them here in Prishtina.

I will soon also release a video on how to use the products, however, as for now just follow the steps as shown in the pictures.

Step 1: Wash your face with water and add the cleanser. Slowly message it around the face. Remove the cleanser with water and dry your face with a towel.

Step 2: Apply the toner with 1-2 cotton buds, and leave it on. Don’t wash your face with water after applying the toner.

Step 3: Just apply the day cream and you are done.

In case you have any questions, feel free to ask me.

MY HAIR SECRET. pssstttt
Well, highlights were a big part of summer 2015. We’ve seen almost every celebrity going for the highlights; however, we could easily state that ‘highlights’ can also drastically differ. From sun-kissed to cool contrasts, chunky to near-invisible, etc etc.

 kemi pare se ‘highlights’ ne floke kane qene shume ne trend gjate veres 2015. Kemi pare shume yje me highlights te ndryshme ne floke dhe stile te lloj llojshme.

Since, I wanted so bad to change something I thought of my hair color. However, I am always really scared to dye my hair in a totally new color so highlights were definitely the only option I could consider. Also, taking into cosideration that I am a blogger my hair should always look super good during the shootings and also on a daily basis when I have a number of meetings to attend.
Pasi qe pata deshire te ndryshoj diqka tek vetja kete vere mendova se floket do te ishin zgjedhja me e mire per ndyrshim. Frikesohem shume qe te i lyej krejt floket me ndonje ngjyre keshtu qe, vendosa te i provoj edhe une highlights kete here. Po ashtu, duke e marre parasyshe se jam blogere floket gjithmone duhet te me duken super bukur ne fotografi dhe gjate takimeve te ndryshme qe kam gati se cdo dite.

I always fix my hair at Vogue Hair in Prishtina and of course they’ve done the highlights as well. I instantly fell in love with them; I guess mine are more of the sun-kissed, super natural highlight type. The products that Vogue Hair used were Olaplex which are known to highly protect the hair since the color damages it. Literally, my hair wasn’t damaged at all; actually it feels way better now that I’ve been using products from Olaplex thanks to Vogue.

Gati gjithemone i rregulloj floket tek Vogue Hair ne Prishtine dhe natyrisht se aty edhe i kam bere highlights. U dashurova ne floket dhe ngjyren time per shkak se ishin super natyrale. Para dhe pas lyerjes u perdoren produktet Olaplex ne floket e mija te cilat njihen si produkte super te mira per mbrojte te flokeve. Po ashtu verejta shkelqim te parezistueshem ne floke pas perdorjes se ketyre produkteve.

In case you want to know more about my hair routine please don’t hesitate and just shoot me an email.

Ne qofte se doni te dini me shume rreth sekreteve te flokeve te mija, me dergoni nje email apo koment dhe do te pergjigjem me kenaqesi.

Have a wonderful Friday.

A day at Dream Nails.
Taking care of one’s nails is is very important to any girl and even more so for women in my profession. I always devote a lot of attention to the smallest details and getting my manicure and pedicure right is a way for me to get to that perfect look. There are numerous choices and designs available out there and this allows anyone to get creative by combining numerous nail colors based on their style.

For the past two years I have been visiting Dream Nails Salon every month. I somehow have set a date every month to do a manicure and pedicure and to enjoy that time only for myself, it has now become like a ritual, the one that I highly enjoy. A manicure and pedicure session feel super relaxing, when I just grab a magazine and don’t seem to think much, me time right?
This time I decided to show you guys the place that I enjoy visiting every month and the styles that I mostly prefer. I usually like to keep my nails short and more often I prefer colors such as black, red, or burgungdy. This time we decided to try this beautiful blue color with a hint of glitter and I am just loving it. Dream Nails offers lots of choices, whether you girls like designs or only plain colors, you can find literally anything there.


The main places that I go online to look for inspiration is Instagram and Tumblr. I know so many people who talk about how they screen shot photos of outfits that people post (on instagram or tumblr) because they love the way that person paired certain pieces together. That is the best part of fashion. You get to sample all the best parts of an outfit that you see on different people and try to recreate it yourself. So, I just wanted to take you through my thought process of how someone else's outfit inspired my own outfit.

This photo is of one of my favorite fashion bloggers Courtney Trop and her blog is alwaysjudging. I was scrolling through her Instagram feed and ran across this beautiful camel colored suit that she posted. I was like "gosh, that is such a pretty suit" but I know it is something I could probably not afford so I thought what in my closet could I use to recreate a similar look. I first thought, okay I have these tan colored pixiemarket pants that I could use (they no longer have them in that color but here is the grey version). I then thought okay simple she is wearing a white t-shirt underneath I definitely have one of those. Then I was thinking on which jacket I had and this Arrivals Jacket worked perfectly. I loved how she mixed green into her outfit from her bag so I added this little vintage purse I got that is a greenish/teal color. Lastly, I added my Everlane shoes which were my last thought and I was just going simple so I just stuck with the camel/tan combo I had going on. Everyone gets inspiration from other people. It is super fun to use someone else's outfit to inspire your own because no matter how much you try to "copy" that outfit it will never look the same on any one person.
*The top photo was taken from Courtney's Instagram and I do not take credit for it*