Hi and thanks so much for stopping by! I started GIRL WITH CURVES in 2011 as a creative outlet outside my (now former) career in technology. With encouragement from my husband, I started sharing my personal style online.

What started as a personal style blog has evolved into a lifestyle site inspiring confidence through fashion, style advice, beauty tips, health and living.

I’ve struggled with self-esteem my entire life. And like every woman I know, there are things about my appearance I would love to change. However, there came a time in my life- 8 years ago to be exact, when I realized the road to loving myself- though long, would be much more rewarding than the bumpy, mentally exhausting road I’d been on, loathing myself.

Fashion is something I’ve always been passionate about, but it wasn’t always an easy hobby to have as the tallest girl in school (I’m 5 feet ten inches), with the largest feet (size US 12) and the only one who skipped a training bra and went straight to the real, uncomfortable thing. Not fitting into the clothes my friends were able to wear, having multi-racial hair I rarely saw on TV or in magazines, were just a few beauty-anxieties I struggled with throughout my adolescent and teen years, and some I still find myself dealing with even today.

After years battling eating disorders and excessive exercise as a result of poor self-esteem and a major lack of confidence in my teens and twenties, I suffered severe knee injuries. It wasn’t until I was a few pounds shy of my goal weight, had no cartilage left in my knees and could barely walk, that I was faced with a harsh reality: I almost liked what I saw on the outside, but I wasn’t happy inside. At that very moment, I had a personal awakening. I looked in the mirror and asked myself why I spent so much time hating my imperfect eyebrows, acne-prone skin, frizzy hair, wide hips, lack of a thigh gap thunder thighs, cellulite, stretch marks, thick knees, big feet, the list went on… I asked myself, was wasting time focusing on the outside, worth being trapped in a mental prison of unhappiness on the inside?

From that moment on, I made an effort to focus on accepting things about myself I once considered flaws. Although I didn’t see anyone in the media I could relate to completely, I made small connections with women I admired- like Jennifer Lopez’s ample backside, Maria Carey’s curly hair, Marilyn Monroe’s thick thighs and hips. Making connections between physical characteristics I admired in others, with those I possessed myself, allowed me to start viewing my flaws as beautiful.

When I started this blog over 5 years ago, I didn’t set out to make a difference in the way other women saw themselves. I simply needed a creative outlet, and to be honest I was scared to death of what people would think of me. I was so afraid of the judgement I thought I’d receive, when in fact it was my own inner voice, going over all the things I didn’t like about myself.

Early on, I received messages from women of all ages (and even single fathers with teenage daughters!), saying how inspired they were seeing someone they could relate to on some level- whether it be body type, height, size, race, hair type, eye color, you name it!

What I realize every single day in connecting with women from all over the world through this blog, is that we all strive to make connections with other people, but we miss the most important one: connecting with ourselves. If we can recognize beauty in others, why is it so hard to see beauty in ourselves?

As my readers gain confidence in themselves by relating some part of their physical appearance, beauty trials, health or lifestyle experiences with mine, I gain confidence in knowing the work I do is helping others, and hopefully preventing someone from suffering the effects of poor self-esteem and lack of confidence I experienced most of my life.

My goal is to inspire unapologetic confidence, encouraging women to look and feel amazing, regardless of size.

This site is a constantly evolving creative space to share my classic meets fashion forward personal style, beauty secrets, journey to achieving a healthy self-esteem, confidence tips, latest finds, experiences as a mom and a proud girl with curves.

Today I’m a mother of a 2 year old boy named Narayan, a 5 year old English Bulldog named Kingston and a wife to my best friend, biggest supporter and business partner, Dave. I’m a graduate of UC Berkeley with a degree in English, a licensed esthetician and multi-racial American who passionately supports the body positive and women empowerment movements. I’m blogging, styling, modeling, consulting and creating content for some of my favorite brands, in the midst of building a team and launching a passion project I can’t wait to share in the coming months!

Whether I’m obsessing over a particular trend, find a solution for taming frizz or simply want to share something happening in my life, you’ll be the first to know.

IT’S TIME TO GET YOUR LAYERS ONE
Chanel Cruise Cuba collection Charlotte Groeneveld Thefashionguitar
On days like these, when the outside temperature feels like what my iPhone tells me -20 degrees Celsius, there’s nothing else we can do than stay inside, and imagine ourselves in more favorable temperatures. If it were only a few degrees above zero, I would imagine myself going out in this sunny Chanel Cruise Cuba collection outfit for brunch. Of course with an appropriate coat one top – I’m still eyeing the Balenciaga puffer and waiting anxiously for it to go on sale… which probably won’t happen anywhere near where I live. I’m drifting off, what I really wanted to say is that when it is cold…

… and then I mean REALLY cold as well as “doable” cold, key is to wear your layers. No rocket science here, I know, but what is something you can reconsider is how to wear your layers. Not only going with base layers that we don’t see, but go for that turtleneck under your slip-dress, or a pair of cropped skinny jeans under your midi-skirt. It might feel completely weird, but in fact, nowadays, fashion isn’t a much about the perfect ratio of the combination you are wearing. It’s much more about personal freedom in the way we wear things, and how we combine them. Proportions are allowed to be odd, the perfect fit isn’t key – although wearing something too small will never be in fashion I think – and I almost feel the need to say “when a look feels slightly uncomfortable due to the above mentioned, you probably are on the right track”.

So transforming this look into something I could actually wear today – reminder, it feels like -20 degrees Celsius outside – I would 1. add a huge puffer coat 2. wear a thin turtleneck under my top 3. Add silky sparkly little socks in my shoes 4. and finish it off with a beanie.

Ready to conquer the cold, in “inappropriate” style.
Karl Lagerfeld knows how to leave us stunned. Not only by his impeccable designs, but also with show spaces that are out of this world. During the latest Chanel Spring-Summer 2017 Ready-to-wear show, last September in Paris, he made sure to make an impact – yet again – with the collection as well as with the Chanel data center that was constructed in the Grand Palais. Absolutely Instagram worthy, and fitting in just perfect right with us digital kids…
See here the pictures of the Chanel Spring-Summer 2017 collection, shot by himself. Graphic silhouettes that stand out against an immaculate background. He “plays with contrast as he captures the metamorphosis of a contemporary creature, one minute a pop Lolita, the next a cyber punk” as you can read in the ad campaign press release. “Bold colors or black and white, close-ups or bodies in motion, the campaign highlights the explosive combinations from a collection that is feminine and yet ultra-modern”.
Personal favorites – apart from Lily Rose Depp and Usher sitting just two rows away from me, and the impressive show space – were the reoccurring super feminine ruffles, in combination boyish baseball caps, and – of course – the “digital” box-clutch… I haven’t seen it up close yet, but there’s real little lights in it. I mean… A digital girl loves herself some led-light Chanel, right!

What once started as a 60s inspired glitter ankle boot, followed by Courreges in the digital-era, the reinvented metallic Gucci loafer – with block heel – we all wanted in our wardrobes, now has formed a cult of fashion forward women who are not afraid to make a statement. A statement with their shoes. These women are easy to identify: They love to wear the ultimate casual outfit – think; a pair of jeans, a navy cashmere sweater, or the good old white shirt – but then turn everything around by the pair of shoes they are wearing with it. It makes them unique, and one of a kind – something we all should try in an era where digital media often tells us what we should be wearing…
Statement shoes can range from an all out Marc Jacobs to a much more subtle Valentino Tango heel. But, considering it’s winter and we do not want to freeze off our feet, an ankle boot seems more the way to go. Needless to say, to make a statement with our ankle boots, we should aim for a metallic pair this season. Gold, silver, or green, no matter how metallic you want to go, it will be your wait to go!
I caved hard… I mean, no matter how many shoes I already own, I can not – ready CAN’T EVER – stop indulging on them. So I went for glitter and the metallic ones I’m wearing today. They are literally golden booties as they are everything to me at the moment, and I couldn’t have wish for more as one of those girls who always grabs a pair of jeans in the morning, no matter how hard I promised myself the night before to try something else: comfort and statement.

In contrast to last year around this time, I’m not going to make a huge round-up of what I’ve done in 2016, what I loved most, which hoops I had to take to get to where I wanted – I think I’ve done that well enough a few days back – and what’s laying ahead of me. I rather pick a few projects that stood out, blurp a bit about personal and emotional things when it really matters – like a few days back – and share upcoming projects when the time is there. Hence I’m starting with one of THE BEST projects I’ve done this year: My Mother’s Day shoot in collaboration with Chanel and Bergdorfs. I mean, I’ve worked on several occasions with Chanel this past year, but boy did a DREAM COME TRUE shooting this project! A dedicated story in collaboration with a brand that I LOVE, and a store that is my favorite in New York City. Pinch me again!
Together with a great team we shot 6 looks, wearing the Chanel Spring 2016 Ready-to-Wear Collection, styled “my way”. In retrospect, for some of the looks – like this one – I wish I had gone a bit more extravagant, and take more of the catwalk to the streets, but on the other hand, one of our goals was to make the runway looks “wearable” for mommies out there, so I think we did a pretty good job in the end. A pair of jeans here and there, no high-heels, yet, not less fashionable! Which is, I think, something fashion-loving-expecting-mother’s fear before having kids.

Please don’t be distracted by my lovely red nose – it’s officially freezing outside – nor my hair that “flying” everywhere but where I want it to be. It’s one of those days… Too cold for life, too cold to dress up, and with only one solution suitable: oversized hoodies and sweats all day. But with my love for the “Parisian effortless chic” – which always makes me end up at Sandro again – I’ve decided that the cold weather is not going to be my fashion-advisor this winter. I rather take advice from those women who know how to look sophisticated at all times: The French women. Needless to say, I will have to keep in mind that temperatures between Paris and Toronto/New York are almost the opposite of each other, so that my outfits have to be weather appropriate – and that nobody wants to see me in my sweats on New Year’s Eve…
Truth to be told, I love a NYE in sweats. Those NYE parties are always much-anticipated on, yet extremely disappointing. I couldn’t think of anything more perfect than spending it at home, with a group of best friends, lots of champagne… in an outfit much like something mentioned above. Then again, it’s one of those moments where you can dress up, go all the way if you like, and shine. Yet, you won’t see me go that crazy, I rather stick to the less is more approach – is that something French too? And then I’m not referring to less clothes, of course.
So in preparation for New Years in a freezing cold climate, I left my strappy sandals at home, and opted for a western boot. Then, very much inspired by the Fall/Winter runways, I combined those with a midi-dress that has this ballerina-style that I LOVE at the moment too – and it has enough glitter for the occasion. The coat is, of course, something we can’t go without. I like that it’s not “shaped” much, but hangs on the shoulders, and has this oversized look. As if I’ve borrowed it from my dad. It’s again a good contrast with the dress, and as well the boots. This could potentially be what I’m going to wear for NYE. Do you have something in mind already?
