There are so many beautiful sunset shades to wear, but if I had to pick one… it would be black. Not even a shade, nor called a real color, yet one of the most worn “colors” in fashion. The little black dress made way long time ago for everything not little and black, but the proper replacement I didn’t find until this pleated one arrived at my doorstep…
And inspired by Celine’s Summer runway collection, I paired this über sexy black midi-dress with my favorite pair of country boots. I know, they are a true sight for sore eyes – for some in the most positive meaning of the saying, for others not – but I personally LOVE them. Truth to be told, they are so hard to put on and off on hot summer evenings, which does keep me from wearing them. Therefore this look, as a good reminder that dresses and (red) boots are great, and that I should still wear them, even though I “hate” them.
One of the things I love most about what I do, is creating the content, in the best way possible. This isn’t always easy, because 99% of the time this “content” includes me, and I’m damn hard on myself when it comes to “yeah, this looks fantastic/no, horrible”. Most of the time – say 80% of the images I take – are judged with the latter… It has to be perfect, or it’s not going to be at all. Now over the years – and the many photographers down that road with me – I’ve learned endless things that make me come to that “perfect” picture easier than spending hours in Photoshop…
Not going to list all my tips and tricks here today – unless you want me to – but my best and most important one would be: Light. Light IS EVERYTHING. Light is to a photo what is water to the body.
Shooting at the “golden hour” – Wikipedia approved: In photography, the golden hour (sometimes known as magic hour, especially in cinematography) is a period shortly after sunrise or before sunset during which daylight is redder and softer than when the Sun is higher in the sky – makes for the most amazing images. For some it might be tricky, because sometimes images turn out quite “warm” which means more towards gold – duh – than gray tones. However, I’ve learned to embrace it. And it’s not that I like to work this way all the time, there are plenty of moments apart from that Golden Hour that you can take incredible photos, but sometimes it creates just that feeling to a look, which almost makes for a story where no words are needed…
Spring doesn’t mean it’s not going to be cold, nor that it will be sunny all the time. Spring also means chilly mornings, rainy afternoons, and windy evenings. I embrace it, though, because as long as there’s no snow, I’m happy. Of course I would absolutely appreciate it if we can get so summer straight away – and quick – but after a long and fairly cold winter, I can only applaud that I’ve officially moved my arctic parka to my winter wardrobe storage, and those loafers no longer need socks.
Truth to be told, I shot this look a while back, when it was in fact much colder than it is now. But sometimes I hit a point where my planning goes straight down the drain, because there’s so many collaborations that get priority over daily looks. It would have been a waste to not post it, so, on this rainy Saturday, this is the perfect look – minus the turtle neck, okay okay – for Spring! Happy weekend everyone!
Two years ago I bought a pair of cropped jeans – I think they were by Stella McCartney – for a super duper reduced price. The fact that they were so cheap was probably because nobody thought these awkward length pants and shape would ever come back into fashion.. Boy have we been wrong!
Sadly I had to sell the pair of jeans, because they were too tight on me, and therefore never worn. I didn’t sleep a minute less when they left my wardrobe, because after all, they were so awkward, and too small. Then the moment came where my perception about cropped flared jeans completely changed… Those jeans, exactly the pair I sold, became the new hottest pieces in town. Gucci, MIH Jeans, Chloe, basically every respected brand had one in their SS16 collection. Too bad I sold mine…
On the other hand though – and this is why I also decided to start a huge closet clean out, more on that later – when you sell something, and that “something” gets back into fashion, you can buy it again. And I think I’m speaking for the most of us when I’m saying that we simply can’t keep everything for that moment that something might get trendy again… I mean, I have a pretty big closet, and still, this is just impossible!
The solution came pretty soon. My friends from MIH Jeans treated me with their new cropped Lou Jeans. Yup, beautifully awkward as they are supposed to be, or at least on me… but I figured with a little DIY – sorry MIH Jeans – they would look even better on me. These thoughts were post-shooting though, because currently I live in these jeans, whereas at the point when Jeff and I shot this look, I wasn’t feeling anything less awkward as I did with my pair of Stella jeans…
If you would ask about my favorite colors, I would without any doubt tell you navy and dark green share the number one spot, followed by an on and off relationship with mustard yellow, a red-addiction on some occasions, and of course bubble gum pink, when I feel like it. Other colors, as much as I love the idea of “liking” them, they just don’t pass the bar. On me. Let’s be clear here, on me, which doesn’t mean I don’t like them in general. No judgement! But finding “your” colors is like… mmm really freaking hard! It took me about 30 years, and I still am sometimes pulled to the dark side – all black errrrrything… So the story of true color-love is fragile… but it’s there!
And with dark green I mean this coat’s dark green. Although I do love my patent Valentino’s in apple green too. I think when it comes to shoes, it’s just easier to wear whatever color you like. Still, I think, you should take your skin-tone in consideration, but still. Plus, it’s probably on many occasions that you wear a pair of jeans with your purple pumps or metallic ankle booties, so that lack of tan won’t be troubling anyone after all.
If there is one thing we’ve learned the past season, it’s that glasses are cool. The nerdier the glasses – opticals so to speak – the better. We’ve seen them with big framers, thin frames, and even Harry Potter was an inspiration to some. By accident I got my hands on these Chanel ones last August, and when I finally found the pair I saw on the Gucci runway earlier that year, I couldn’t help myself, and bought them.
Truth to be told, I still need to put in the appropriate prescription glasses my Gucci’s. I’m such a lazy ass.. Whenever my eyes get tired, I remind myself I need to get the glasses fixed, so my eyes won’t get so strained by looking at my laptop all day. But then I go to bed, wake up with well rested eyes, and I “forget”… Anyone else coping with these sort of issues… lol!
These Chanel glasses, though, are I think purely made for fashion, and I love them for it. I never thought I’d be wearing glasses for fun, but hey, it’s not the first time fashion “made me do it”. Now many of you have been asking me where to get them, and even though I know Chanel sells eyewear online these days, I haven’t seen these online yet. I will let you know, once I got my Gucci’s fixed ;)
After spending the most amazing weekend in the mountains for our 12 yearish anniversary it’s time to get back behind my laptop, and start the week… I’ve had easier Mondays… Somehow this one is going very very slow. All the things I planned to do this morning, I didn’t do so far, and this makes me quite behind on my schedule in preparation for Paris Fashion Week! But, somehow – and this is a new thing – I’m not feeling too stressed about it. Probably because I’ve sorted out most of my looks last week, scheduled my fittings upon arrival, and arranged a few of my favorite pieces to be delivered to Paris. Outfit-wise not everything is set in stone, but with my strategy of bringing key-pieces and looks, with the option of buying some basics when I get to Paris, I’m sure I will be fine. The only challenge now is to get everything in my two suitcases… for 8 days in Paris… But before I can get to that, I have to unpack my weekend suitcase… Which is one of the things I dislike the most!
Unpacking is really one of those thing I hate to do. There have been situations where my Paris Fashion Week suitcase remained unpacked for two weeks after I got home. I’m getting better at it, but I really have to push myself. Maybe it’s the lots of laundry that come with unpacking, or just the fact that after Paris I’m so done with Fashion Week for a while that I can’t bring myself to be reminded of it. Lol, this sounds so dramatic, and don’t get me wrong, I LOVE Fashion Weeks in general, but after Paris I’m just tired, and didn’t see my family for way too long, so it just feels like I want to do everything but fashion. Anyway, if all goes well, we will be flying to a beautiful tropical island with the four of us after Paris, so we can reconnect and recharge. I could really use a tan too… Somehow those dark circles under my eyes look less intense after having had a little sun on my face!
Earlier this week I talked about transitional coats, wardrobe staples, and personal favorites. I showed you my favorite military-coat, and went on and on about why this is one of the pieces you should invest in. But when talking about wardrobe-investments, I realized there was another coat that should be on this list too: My Acne shearling coat.
We all know that Acne does the best shearling coats, but those come with a price tag that isn’t as lovable as those coats are. In fact, they are DAMN expensive. So when years back a friend of mine was selling her Acne shearling coat, I was first in line to put in an offer. I ended up buying it from her, and ever since, I cherish it. Though I’m not wearing it enough. Silly thing, right? I know, but that’s the story of so many pieces in my wardrobe. However, when I do wear this coat, it reminds me of my love for it. Which runs deep, because besides the fact it looks rad, no matter what I wear with it, it keeps me warmer than any coat ever did. I will never sell it – sorry guys – and every now and then, when it comes out of my wardrobe to shine for a day or two, I’m glad I spend my money on it. It’s one of those real wardrobe staples. Fact.
Here you are, barely recovered from the extreme temperatures below zero, and already walking out of the door with that Spring-state-of-mind. Of course it’s not really Spring, yet, but at least the past few days it started to feel like it. And with that Spring-felling in my head, I decided it was time to rethink my wardrobe. Completely. I haven’t got rid of my big puffer coats just yet, and also my thick knits didn’t make their way out, but I slowly started to make space for my favorite transitional pieces: Spring coats.
Favorite of all is this one from Chloe, which is actually from their last Fall collection, but needless to say, it’s perfect for Spring too. Honestly, I think military coats are always a great addition to every wardrobe. They can be easily worn with casual and more dressed-up looks. Plus, the more rigid the fabric, the stronger the look. I decided to wear it with my hair down this time, but imagine how cool it can be when worn with a sleek low bun – I might have to lose the glasses then though, before the kids start to get scared of me lol. Anyway, it’s never too late to invest in a good military coat, so I made a tiny selection for you, designer and high-street stars, just a few clicks away!
Kicking of Fashion Month in New York. That Fashion Week that’s always suddenly there, just when you think you can sit back a bit after the Holidays, lost those food feast kilo’s, finished “dry-month”, and start to smell Spring. It’s there! BAM! Never well enough prepared, always too cold, but one of the best Fashion Weeks if you ask me. It’s for those who really love what they do, because who in their right minds likes to voluntary run around in an urban tundra, spending more time outside than in – and I’m not even going to start about cab money spendings – when it’s minus 10… Weather forecast looks not too bad though, but surely it’s not going to be warm.
With racks full of clothes – mostly coats and boots – I’m kicking of Fashion Month today! Depending on those who take awesome photos – no matter how cold – I will share every look I wear and all the show I go to. Instagram (Thefashionguitar) remains the fastest way to know what I’m up to all day, oh and of course Snapchat (Fashionguitar), but, needless to say, for the quality deal, make sure you pop back here on  Thefashionguitar.com too
Time to breath… finally… Last week and this weekend were super hectic. First of all because of my super short trip to Paris for Spring Couture Week – if you haven’t read my Chanel-story, do it now? Followed by coming home, fulfilling my mommy-duties after having been away… I will probably never get rid of that guilty feeling whenever I leave them for a few days, will I? And then, after one “day off” on Saturday, Jeff and I were shooting again on Sunday, followed by Monday taken over by The Coveteur-team for two exciting collaborations! No time for Monday-blues, just keep on going and wear more baby blue, cause isn’t this just Spring-in-an-outfit!
Baby blue, baby corduroy, the softest jeans, a cashmere sweater, all very good for the tired body, and all very satisfying for the mind. Color lifts you up, it raises your spirit to higher levels and better places. I realize that every time I wear a somewhat colorful outfit. I can really recommend it, do try this at home!
Bags are one of my favorite things in the world – next to sleeping in, drinking coffee before everyone wakes up, taking a hot shower, kissing my husband, hugging my kids, and sipping on a cocktail with my feet in the sand… And those favorites I cherish, one by one, because they make life so much more amazing!
Now I can obviously talk for hours about my list of favorites, but today it’s about bags, and bags only. Ever since I got my walk-in-closet – I know, it’s a dream – there’s a little bag rainbow going on in my life. Perfectly lined up, color to color, style to style. Secretly I give them a little wink  every morning, just to acknowledge their presence. But there’s been one bag that hasn’t got the attention it deserves… The bright red, with a minimalistic design, and big enough to fit in the necessary. So here’s to one of my favorites, one that I can’t live without, and that makes my life just that little more exciting ;)
Again we have a case of “if it weren’t this cold, I would have worn this today” but fact is, no way I can wear this today… Simply because it is way too cold outside – and those boots will be destroyed within seconds in the smudgy snow outside too. Nonetheless a publish-worthy look, plus, not everyone is experiencing extreme cold temperatures right now, so to those who can actually wear a poncho and awesome boots, here’s some inspiration on how to do it!
What I love about this look? How all colors work together and the patchwork pattern which makes the poncho an even bigger statement piece. Since it’s quite a long poncho for me, I decided to wear it with these boots, though I can totally see myself wearing this poncho in Spring, with a simple denim mini-skirt and a gladiator sandal of some sort – preferably one that goes all the way up to the knee… Keep on dreaming Charlotte! Winter just started…
I recently discovered a new genre on Spotify called “Decades” in which amazing playlists from all decades are listed, my favorite: Back to the 90s. I haven’t stopped playing it ever since. It brings back so many good – and of course a few bad – memories of boyfriends, break-ups, parties, and first drinks – okay first ciggies too… I did occasionally smoke. One of my favorites songs – and at the same time movie – from that list is Men in Black! Haha, I know, it’s hilarious. But truth to be told, I watched all those Alien films like Independence Day and MIB a million times back in the days. Didn’t really have a thing for Sciefy, but those films were pretty awesome at the time. Come on, agree with me! Maybe a secret guilty pleasure? I might have to watch those films again to realize how bad they were? I don’t know, but in any case, those 90s memories of mine are pretty sweet anyway!
PS. Did you know that I never wore all black back in the 90s? I never liked it, until I discovered all-black…
PS 2. I almost forgot to mention, I also watched X-Files of course!! How could I forget!! And funny enough – I’m not paid to say this – in this week’s EDIT on Net-a-Porter.com there’s an awesome interview with Agent Scully!!
There are days, like today, that I can only go out in a pair of jeans and a knit. Unfortunately it’ too cold now to wear this beautiful heritage check coat right now, but I figured it’s a great one for early Spring, so I’m holding on to it for a little longer…
I almost never shoot by night, but when I do, it usually turns out to be so cool. I like playing with flash. The little imperfections on my face, like the deep dark circles under my eyes, suddenly don’t appear to be that bad, and I never felt so radiant…
Now for those who know how to handle a camera, this whole “light is everything thing” isn’t something new, but when you are just starting off blogging, it’s the most valuable tip I can give you: Find the light! The good light! Never in the middle of the day in summer facing the sun, try to keep the sun at the back of your head. When it’s winter, search for reflective light – this is probably my favorite of all – high buildings on which the sun reflects. Find that sweet spot and put your face in it. A few examples of working with winter-light are the ones with the Dior heels and the Valentino AW15 dress – both my favorite day-shoots ever!
Let’s not forget about what I’m actually wearing though, because this Chloe AW15 coat is E V E R Y T H I N G. I for one would love to have it in my wardrobe, but I don’t. I borrowed it for the Chloe event in NY last month. It was a de-light to wear it!
Not too long ago I shot this Gucci dress in a similar look – when I wasn’t freezing my ass off, and going out with bare legs was an actual option. Those days are over, those days are far far behind us, because it’s cold, really DAMN cold!
BUT this didn’t stop me from wearing this beautiful Gucci SS15 dress… No boho-vibes without a bit of long layers, right? So I figured the dress would work perfectly well on top of a pair of flared jeans. What do you think? The thick coat was an obvious necessity, and I think I will need to invest in some more boho-coats if I want to survive the cold down here… Maybe some last-minute SALE shopping?
I’ve done my SALE-research and made my wishlist… Are there still things on yours? Or did you do your SALE shopping already? Tell me about your favorites buys!!

Deciding on your outfit for New Years Eve can be tricky. I always find it hard, and waves of impulse shopping behavior run through my body whilst realizing I’m already too late to order anyway, because delivery will never be on time… So this year I decided to do it differently. I decided to not allow myself to buy anything new, but just work with what I already have, which is in fact, enough…
There’s been no outfit stress whatsoever after making it clear to myself that there was not going to be any last-minute shopping. I made three ground rules and went with it:
Get all the glitter you have and don’t be afraid to mix it!
If you are really in the dark about what to wear for New Years Eve you are betting safe when you go for glitter or anything metallic for that matter. I thought it would be fun to go a bit crazy – I mean, what’s a better occasion than NYE – and go with a full glitter/metallic look. I took every shiny piece – including shoes – from my wardrobe, put them down on my bed, and started mixing. I went from things like a full gold metallic look to a more casual metallic one, and ended with this full silver with a touch of bronze.
Don’t be afraid to go for something slightly casual though, because when you go with some good glitter, you will look quite festive anyway! And if you do decide to go for something like a metallic or sequin mini-dress, I would personally dress it down with a pair of sneakers or loafers.
A pair of jeans is okay for NYE too, really!
Not really the type for a full-blown party look? No worries, I get it, because I think there’s almost nothing as good as a simple pair of jeans combined with something sequin or black lace. Key here though is that you keep the rest really interesting, so NO loafers as the ones I suggested to wear with your glittery mini-dress, and NO simple tops – a black jacket is allowed, as long as there’s something cheeky underneath it, like a silk cami-top or something lace…
So when your starting point is your favorite pair of jeans, there are two ways to do it: if it’s a boyfriend jeans, wear funky heels – flats are too casual in this situation, and can make you look short than you actually are. If it’s a pair of skinnies like I picked, you can wear flats, but again, make sure they are super fun! On top I would say lace or metallic – sequin falls into this category too – and possibly finished it with a black jacket.
Fun shoes are a must…
I can’t say it enough, but funky shoes are everything when dressing up for NYE. They make every look festive, and besides that, it’s the occasion to wear them!
I have this thing with chunky oversized knits and midi-skirts. Layering the two is just divine! However, the best part of it must be the endless playful combinations that are possible. No matter what color or print your skirt is – the more statement, the better actually – when layered well with a simple oversized knit, you almost can’t go wrong.
My latest favorite is this chunky one I bought last Paris Fashion Week. I’ve been wearing it lots with jeans, and can’t wait to get in my leather pants and throw it on top of it. Though here’s one look that is perfect for mild Fall/Winter days: A long metallic skirt – so Gucci – metallic boots, and of course, the knit. Long story short, simple and easy, just how we like it halfway the week!
But wait a minute, it’s almost Christmas! It’s literally Christmas tomorrow… Shit – pardon my French – I need to do my Holiday shopping NOW!
NOTHING beats a simple jacket/jeans combination. It’s sophisticated yet casual, and you can wear it from day to night. Hence you can imagine my happiness with the latest edition to my wardrobe: the perfect plaid jacket. It’s obviously a wardrobe staple, but it was somehow still missing in mine. I consider it a great addition to my jacket collection, as well as the perfect distraction from the dark circles under my eyes!
